the management should give proper training to their staff . 2 \) they are unable to realize the problem of the vehicle when we given complained to them .
those staff given explanation they should have proper training about \? how to explain to customer . they should aware about difference of vehicle like innova is different fortuner is different also their services are different . if they are aware about it then they can explain to customers it .
dealership staff should have the fully knowledge about the vehicle . if we are complaining about the maintenance park , they are not aware about the thing they are not able to tell the issues of our vehicle part . they should given proper training about the vehicle fast training everything
the advertiser should tell the same thing as the timing servicing or tell more than two hours so that we can get the train on the go . advisor should advertise this . tell the right time . so that we do not have to weed
staff should be completely trained . and there workshop they should allow o come car owner driver so that they see how they wash and tell them also other the three machine they should take care about it . which person have in counter , they should be explain everything to the customer which they complaint to them .
they should give proper training to their advisor . i had waited long time for last servicing . the service paper which we filled on the name of the person he did not done the work , someone else done . in this advisor should do correction . there should one person who guide correctly . at espirit toyota there is no one who guide properly .
the staff members should be educated and should know how to deal with the customers and how to do their work . when staff members should know about the car features . the people who handle the car should have a proper training regarding the same . the staff should be trained properly as to how to satisfy a customer . it 's important for them to know that how the should talk to people . when i had a problem with my pendrive , then the way they spoke to me was n't appropriate .
in lanson dealership they should appoint well stilled technician . a small work problem are handled by me brat the technician over there cant cable to handle it at the time of trail the experience technician can able to understand . works needs to be trained properly .
