technically , the required information and knowledge is not in them . i think the trainings are not done properly or else they might have given the training but the person \? s understanding level was not up to the mark . advisor must look into this , if they can convince the customer and they must understand the issue .
service advisor should have the knowledge about servicing , as the advisor not have the knowledge of greasing .
in your place having lots of issue of service advisor . they are just continued with their phone calls . they do n't have proper knowledge of car handling . they are not handling properly and also not giving feedback on time to time . they even did not informed us by calling in between as this work has done and this has to be done . all things are getting missed so we informed them by calling so they fill embarrassed . after this they start to search . we have given this feedback to managing director .
they should have a person at service center who have the knowledge of navigation system and who can help the customer on it . all staff should knowledgeable .
they should appoint knowledgeable person in toyota company .
staff should have the general knowledge . staff should know the electronic because they have to explain about the car system , type how its work . they need to appointment these types of people staff .
while giving explanation the staff knowledge was not proper . it means they said take car from dsk but it any problem occur like cash or insurance claim or any issue they suggest to go other dealership . so it should not happen it any work you ca n't do then you should inform us previously only .
they have a proper knowledge whoever servicing the car the person have to know when he delivered the car .
there should be knowledgable tecnician , also they should be given to proper information . not the information to bussiness purpose .
advisor should give knowledge to there workers . so that the they guide the customer .
the staff should have more knowledge about the technology .
dealership staff not responding us properly . toyota is very big brand . but staff not attending us properly they don \? t have a proper knowledge to talk with owners derivers . they have to trained properly .
they should concentrate on servicing and asvisor should give full knowledge to customer about the service .
staff should be communicated with the customers , which staff talk good they talk with us then further work will be done good . the most important is the same . when driver visited the service center then staff should be call to me because i am the car owner , because driver not have that much knowledge about car . if any servicing required in the car then they told to me . if any work needed in the car then they should ask to me because i am car owner after that do the work which is they want .
staff should have proper knowledge .
they should appoint skilled mechanic and engineer at rudra toyota who can study the problem of the vehicle . and who can explain and elaborate the problem in front of the customer . they should appoint skilled advisor who have deep knowledge of car and technology .
