they should be improve the quality of work charges should be reduce .
hey charge 1500 rupees for washing but still washing is not proper .
some charges are comparatively much higher .
but while taking the car back we should feel happy by the services received because they will not leave the car without taking money for the service provided so we should be 100 happy with the services .
take service charge separately i think they it should be included .
we have to paid extra money to them then only they done cleaning properly .
should not give this much charges .
if we said will give extra money so they came immediately .
roadside mechanic to change my tyre but unfortunately after changing my tyre he didn t fix the wheel properly and the result was after moving 5 6 km the tyre came out from my wheel gauge then i had to call up each and every service people who never provide any help to me for assisting me for helping out to coming out of the situation as i ad to do it myself as i had called the toyota dealer and near by all chennai on road service people and i called my service center trivandrum nobody helped me out coming out of situation as that was the worst thing for me and my wife and my children has to stand on the road for around 5 6 hours as they know how to sale the vehicle properly and they know how to take the money while providing service .
as they charge very huge amount while servicing as i have to pay for every servicing as they don t provide any free charges for any part of the time .
they should not take extra charges .
they just take money and do cheating with us .
they said bring your car next time we will solve this in free of cost in next visit .
charges for the same are high .
when you come for servicing and pay 10000 rupees for servicing then they must pay special attention .
amount charges related i have not much issue , post servicing the car and when we come to home the car seems not cleaned properly i .
if they are taking money from us then at list they should provide good service .
what i tell them also they should not take more charges .
they should paint the car instead of that they take extra money for small small things they take huge charges .
for this they take a extra charges and also they take extra charges for painting .
some charges are very high front very per is of rs .
they are taken service charges rs 5000 but work not properly done by the customers .
if they are getting charges , then they should be work properly .
they are mainly concentrate on major problems for money sake
we pay the charges so they done the work in same manners .
we are paying charges so cleaning washing should be done properly .
but they said that you need to pay separate charges for that this is not our job .
charges were very high if they reduce the charges then it would be better .
inspite of paying full money , the work was not properly done .
hence , i went again and given the car servicing and also for that i had to pay the charge again .
technician do their work but in charge should take final step .
the charges are fixing as per your service .
the 1st service was free of cost but they don t complete all the work at the time of service .
they should do free of cost servicing on periodic service time .
