they should not take unusual extra charges .
and what ever extra funding would be required that is 1200 , 1300 or 1500 only that much i would have to pay but they took car cutting and welding charges also from me .
they extra charged me rs 2000 by saying that my bill was pending for 2013 .
they have more charges for extra fittings etc .
only for 2000 km they charged me 19 , 000 rs extra .
the last time their bill had extra amount hence i shouted them , and then they reduced 100 500 rupees .
they should give the vehicle within the committed time if takes extra time so they should deduct the some amount from service charges .
they charged extra it should be reduced .
to apply the stuff of rs 200 they takes a extra charges of rs .
last they charged me extra over the done work .
should not take the extra money even should not keep respondent in deception should take the money which is applicable .
they should not take extra charges on their estimated charges .
they should not take extra charges .
they should not take extra charges
they should not take extra charges
they should given extra gift .
more some board cover more some other extra seating .
when we pay through atm they charges 2 extra amount .
charging not taken more , but they also take the service charges , how much work they do that much charges they should take not take extra charges .
service charge must be reduced it is around 25 extra .
after that queries they charged extra without informing to us .
if we talk about specially aliment we can do that work from outside also but they charged rs 1000 extra amount for cleaning purpose .
on that if tell to do interior cleaning then they charged extra rs 1000 .
i thing they should be not take extra charges .
they are taking extra charges , charges should be decreased .
they charge really very high prices for servicing other any extra fitting servicing the car .
it take 15 20 extra charge , if it will reduced then it will be better .
they should not charge extra .
they should give idea about the charges before servicing also should inform the extra charges .
one madam called me an she told me it 's get 11 , 500 for servicing when i go service center then they gives me 9 , 500 bill i ca n't understand she told me in call bill was 11 , 500 and now you gives me 9 , 500 bill why you are told me more money if bill was so less so why they take extra money .
they take extra charges that 's why peoples done our works from outside .
when customer told them , which work do our car , they should be taken that only charges avoid taken extra charges .
they should be done the work which time they committed if we want anything extra service or checking while servicing .
they should not take extra charges .
charge should be made less when we swipe card they take 2 more chares they should not take 2 extra charges .
my car had insurance when i pay the insurance that time dealership get money for me , i paid advance rs 5000 for washing service , but dealership taken with me extra money all money comes in washing service but they are taken money for me .
if bulb working then also they said not working charge it taking more extra charges .
if we pay the bill through credit card , so they take 2 extra .
extra charges should be not there its helpful for the customer .
my car steering was damaged i informed it to dealership 2 days later so that when i went there i paid extra charges .
for the extra charges i took money from relatives .
they put lots of service charge they out extra service charge , they should not put so much .
they should not charge extra for all this work .
like many time i dropped my car in service center for servicing , sometime they taken huge charges or sometime they taken less charges for same worked and also they taken extra charges for me in last servicing .
the charges used to be low in dsk satara in some servicing center they take extra charges of rs .
minimum 700 rupees was extra in charges .
they took extra money for service .
should not apply the extra charges .
after my first car servicing and insurance , i had to pay extra charges .
even when we take insurance protection , they charge extra charges for it .
they put extra charges on service charges , so they should inform a customer first .
extra fittings of car charges are high in bill it should be reduced , if they reduce then it will be good ,
they should not take extra charges for the whole system .
