they have to clean inside the vehicle .
after servicing there was dust , so they should clean dust inside the car properly .
inside the car there i found some mud which was not cleaned properly and those place seems to be rusted later .
also it should properly clean from inside .
they should clean the car properly and also they should clean the inside of the car .
they should do the proper cleaning of interior part of the vehicle .
after servicing executive should check car both inside and outside .
executive should not be available inside center he should available in open area where cars pass .
inside of glass are not cleaned after servicing the car .
ac in front of dashboard and inside door place should clean neatly .
the dirt was still there inside the car when i was went there to pick up the car there is dirt found in the car then they take the car inside clean it again .
if we give vehicle for cleaning to any local service station in village they clean vehicle in just 300 rupees and if we clean internal parts they clean in 600 rupees only .
they should do washing in interior part also like boot space or window mirrors .
they should clean the interior portion of the car .
car must be cleaned from inside also
they clean car from outside but from inside car was not cleaned .
the vehicle should be cleaned properly from inside .
they did not do proper cleaning inside the car .
inside the car there i found some muds which was not cleaned properly , these things need to be implemented .
they are not cleaning properly both from inside and outside .
they return our vehicle with wet from inside and outside water is dripping .
interior cleaning washing should be done properly .
the interior gas was not given .
car must be completely be cleaned from inside .
4 4 times you have to tell them what is wrong , inside there was all dirty .
should wash car properly , dust should not remain inside .
it should be done from up side , under the car and inside the car as well .
the washing and all inside and outside basically it was not clean .
inside also i could find the dust also .
sometimes dust is there in car inside they not clean the dust .
they should be clean interior during washing .
interior cleaning of the car is not done properly so this should be improved .
they are not cleaning the vehicle interior
they do washing but inside like blower of a c and upper side of mirror .
if they give more concentration like they wash glass of vehicle from outside should wash from inside also .
should clean from inside also they should check that glass is properly cleaned or not .
we see lot of dust inside the car which should clean .
while cleaning the car they should clean it completely like body wash , interior work act should be done properly .
cleaning was not done from inside .
after servicing i found very bad inside the car also i have complaint 2 3 times to improve the service .
they had clean the car properly from outside but inside under the desk little it was dusty so i tell them they cleaned up which i did n't like .
internal cleaning should be proper , they takes charges of full cleaning .
they should improve the cleaning process in the interior of the vehicle .
after 2 days of cleaning dust appears on the interiors .
cleaning service should be improved because sometimes they are clean only upper side inside of car they are not clean properly so they should be properly clean all side of car .
when they clean the car at that time they must clean it from inside also .
they must wipe with cloth inside also .
they should do the proper cleaning of the interior parts also .
they are not clean the car properly sometimes they are not clean the inside of car aim always say after washing properly clean the car they should be use to deiseal for car washing
my car has not cleaned from inside .
cleaning service should be improved because sometimes inside of car they are not clean properly so they should be properly clean all side of car .
they should improve the service in the internal cleaning done to the vehicle .
if we see car from outside it looks clean but from inside they don t clean vehicle properly .
after cleaning they should check inside car as well .
they are cleaning in upper side it is good but they are not clean in inside like seat cover other side so they should clean the vehicle in all side .
they did not clean properly inside dashboard .
they said will charge extra for it means for internal cleaning .
the should do clean vehicle from inside properly .
they should clean our vehicle properly from inside .
they should remove mud from inside of vehicle .
we do not see what kind of services they have done but if it looks good form outside then we think that it is cleaned from inside as well .
thy did not clean it from inside and they did not have spare parts also .
cleanliness of car should be proper from inside of car .
they should wash vehicle 100 percent from inside as well as outside .
cleaning service should be improved because they are not clean the inside of car .
they are doing proper cleaning inside .
they are doing proper cleaning inside also and polish .
they should wash it inside as well as from outside like new car .
they are not clean the glass , car body , interior , kit , dashboard so that should be properly clean the vehicle .
they have to improve the cleanliness like water washing and interior parts 2 \) if they do the correct water washing we are cover that washing for one month
they don t clean car properly from downside neither from inside .
they don t clean car properly from downside neither from inside .
they should clean the interiors properly .
the service should be done same from inside as they do from outside .
the engine should be cleaned from the inside .
interior washing is not good .
they should give more attention at internal cleaning .
they should clean the vehicle inside properly minor washing should be quickly .
interior cleaning should be good .
staff should be increased and after entering inside they should proper clean the car .
after cleaning they should put paper inside lower side of the car
even after cleaning inside car under the sear rubber area was having so much stain .
they should clean the vehicle from inside also including the sides of windows .
they didn t had vacuum cleaner , so the dust inside the car was uncleaned .
should clean the interior of inside the car properly
internal cleaning is not proper at this dealership .
interior cleaning should be done properly .
they are not cleaning car properly inside the car dust is their when we complete about it in clean it
they are not cleaning seat belt not doing interior servicing properly all dust remain as it is .
inside dust is like that only .
they are not cleaning the vehicle properly inside and outside
they should a to z water wash , interior work and glass work properly
my car servicing after outside interior not cleaning properly and washing also not proper .
some portion of the inside the vehicle is no touching .
they need to clean car from inside also .
eg some dots on the glass , some dust particle inside the vehicle , washing is not upto the mark as it is not fully washed .
they do n't clean properly inside the bonnet and underside of the vehicle .
they are not cleaning the vehicle properly inside and outside
they clean the interior which is good but the interior part they do n't clean it as dust is found after washing means patches of dust and also they should not park the vehicle very close after the servicing so that the person who open the door they will not take car of the other car standing beside
cleaning and washing should be done more perfectly like interior cleaning of the car and polishing should done more .
cars outside parts interior they should be cleaned properly .
interior part of the vehicle was ok but the interior part was not cleaned properly and they had missed the right side door cleaning where some dirt were left over .
in paid service they should be provide interior or external both service .
inside the car vacuum cleaning properly do .
vechicles should be cleaned properly , when they cleaning properly in inside then they are not cleaning outside .
if they cleaning outside properly , then they are not cleaning inside .
they should be cleaning the interior properly , from 8 years onwards , there is cleaning problem .
they should clean car inside outside properly .
from inside they do n't do the cleanliness properly .
when we are saying to the staff then they are told us , sir , we are properly cleaning your car but they are not cleaning properly inside the car .
in interior part they not clean properly must be clean properly from outdoor also .
they should be clean properly and inside the car also .
before my last servicing i was made complaint about my car 's interior exterior cleanness .
if they work faster then they do n't clean the vehicle from inside .
they should clean inside interior properly .
they have to improve the cleanliness and also the interior parts .
they should clean interior part of car
cars interior stucking too much dirt .
they should clean car from inside outside .
when washing our car they should do properly cleaning also from inside of the car , they should pay attention while cleaning the car .
so they should wash from downside inside also .
they are not giving proper attention at the time of outside inside not clean properly .
it should be cleaned inside of the car also .
after car servicing the technically from inside one 's again it should be check .
after clean the car must delivered to customers and advisor must check the mat inside or outside there clean properly or not after that it should be delivered .
car should clean properly they should vacuum the car from inside .
they should not go inside the car by warning the shoes .
there not clean car internally they should clean car properly like washing with water from downside is necessary
inside outside car should be clean properly .
after servicing they were not properly clean the interior part of vehicle not properly wash the vehicle .
cleanliness should be done well inside the car .
should be improvement by cleaning , after cleaning the interior then the executive again checking our car they are cleaned properly or not .
when cleaning the car from inside they should take care of it .
should be improved our cars condition and cleanliness and properly cleaning our car inside also outside .
they do n't even touch the seat interior so it is very dusted .
in grand toyota servicing should be in time and also clean in inside properly .
1 \) they have to do the proper interior cleaning especially vacuum cleaning .
they should clean car from inside .
there is mud inside the car which should be cleaned properly .
after give the car to the customer they should be check the car from outside and inside , they clean the car properly or not interior cleaning are not doing properly .
from inside outside car is clean .
inside part of interior , exterior and running board should be properly washed .
at the time of last servicing they had not clean inside parts .
they clean car only at outside not inside the car , they not did inter work , in some places like door air condition they not clean properly .
one year happening for servicing but in car dust was remain in inside .
interior washing should be developed .
from inside downside not clean properly .
from inside outside put the water properly should clean the car .
but they do n't do it from inside the dust remains like that only .
they should clean car from internal area also like desk board etc .
after servicing the car they should be properly wash clean the car in inside outside of the car .
they should clean the car properly from inside outside but they are not cleaning the car properly then i have to clean my car again when i reach home .
while water servicing they must clean the interior and outer parts of the body properly
they should be cleaning inside the car and downside of the seat .
they are cleaning car from inside always they miss something .
in last service nothing was good they have not clean the car properly , i had taken the picture of the car from inside and send it to the manager .
while they are cleaning our car then they should be cleaned it outside and also inside our car .
they are not cleaning the interior and superior under body parts properly .
they should be clean all the interior parts of car and dashboard , window glass .
they have to improve water washing and interior cleaning .
they have to clean properly interior parts of vehicle they have to do water washing properly
they should be properly doing interior claim
inside the car dirt s are remaining as it is before servicing our car .
their workers are not understand how is put the mat inside the car .
while servicing they are not properly washed our car , inside the car and seats under parts are not cleaning properly , while washing , also they are damaged some parts , they taken till 10 minutes to wash our car , dust and dirt remaining our car .
while cleanliness they should clean properly an inside the car .
i have taken 20000km premium interior wash and 20000 servicing .
car interior was not clean .
lower part diki and inside portion should be clean .
which the baring they do they go inside the car like that only the darks are remains like that only .
while cleaning the car from inside if they clean with vacuumed cleaner properly it should be good for us .
after servicing our car they are not properly washed our car , inside and outside .
interior of car should be cleaned properly but they do n't do it .
how many times i said car needs to be cleaned properly from inside .
neatly cleanliness is done car inside dashboard polishing is not done properly on car glass darks remains like that only .
interior part should be clean and the lower part also should be clean means it would be good if the job is done properly .
they done the cleaning an inside properly but not an outside .
they should clean properly an inside a car .
i want they clean properly inside the car .
inside the car dirt remaining .
interior should be clean properly as compare to exterior
3 \) they should check car interior properly .
they are doing water wash service but the interior parts are not cleaned properly .
they are not cleaning the car from inside .
lanson dealership have to improve their water wash service main interior and other parts needs to be clean properly .
they should clean the car from inside .
interior part of car needs to be cleaned behind the seat car also needs to be cleaned .
interior should be neat and clean
for cleaning they are doing well inside however the outer side was little dirty
infinium toyota does cleaning of full car from outside but from inside they don t clean vehicle .
i was having old innova which they were cleaning properly from inside too but now they don t do cleaning from inside of car .
outside cleaning , interior cleaning used to be said by us .
cleaning should be improvement and interior and under parts should be cleaning properly .
they clean the car properly in inside only but outside the car they not so the same properly .
they changed internal parts of my vehicle regarding this also i have complaint .
interior water washing is not good
there should be proper cleaning inside the vehicle after servicing .
they are not washing properly inside outside of the car so they should properly wash the car .
they are only do superstition , during the vehicle the evening when it is little bit of sunlight is left , you cannot see inside of the car .
the age of the wiper glass , the rubber and which the wiper handle of the arm of the wiper look at the cleanliness , your car car machine , you have the details inside the car , this attracts the dust and small snacks of chivada stuck on that that cannot be removed by simple cleaning they need a vacuum cleaner for inside of the vehicle .
during the car servicing they do not clean the car interior desk board properly .
not cleaning from inside as dust , soil and all .
they don t wash car properly from inside as well as outside .
when car they return after washing they don t clean car from inside .
external part of the car body cleaning was very good and no issues but the issues we face from internal part of the car i .
inside the car was not much good .
car should be cleaned from inside after servicing .
the vehicle should left inside number wise .
there remains dust inside and outside also because my car was full of dust so i have complaint twice for this matter .
they are not doing the proper interior cleaning
water washing they are do good but inside of car they are not cleaning properly small small parts also they are not clean .
they should clean the vehicle properly from inside and should use cloth twice .
at salem all the service is good as they have enough staffs and their interior cleaning and water wash , by seeing the car after service we feel that the car is totally new .
for water washing the dealer person said that there is no a person in not available so will do the same in next day previous it was good presently they are washing interior parts only not at external parts .
they have to do proper interior service
inside of car dealership staffs are not cleaning properly so they should cleaning the car properly like gas board , car net inside of car .
they do polishing of vehicle from inside as well as outside .
they did not clean the car from inside .
engine , interior wash , under seat , glass etc .
they have to do some more modifications interior servicing .
they should clean the vehicle properly and from inside also .
advisor should advise their labor workers that when customer come with car they should clean their car inside and outside by using vacuum cleaner .
at lanson dealership does water washing on exterior part and do not do cleaning in interior part and the dust remains .
hence need to clean well on interior parts as well .
basis on their cleaning part of car the interior was not cleaned well .
they should clean interior properly .
interior cleaning is less .
they should wash the car from inside base part .
due to hurry while doing interior cleaning the cleaning part of that is not done properly .
they have to clean the interior parts
they should more focus on internal cleaning of car .
in charge of dealership should check full car from inside also before deliver car to customers .
i saw water stain in my car , and inside a car also dust or water stain remained so they should clear a car properly and also inside a car they should work properly .
interior cleaning should be do properly then i will go for it next time , they not properly check when i leave the car at service center they don t know what they do .
i had done dry cleaning for my car it means that interior parts and outside parts need to be cleaned thoroughly .
but when i checked the interior parts stain remained the same then i showed to them then only he cleaned in front of me itself .
they not clean a car to an inside and also they not clean dashboard in car they not used cream to clean seat cover .
they are not proper cleaning for interior .
which dust had an inside which should be clean properly .
while washing the car , if there is things inside they should keep it inside and handover to customer .
while we are giving our car for service at that time it is clean but returning back there was a oil stain in the set if we ask they say some different answer they charge spate for interior cleaning .
cleaning was not done properly the interior part of car was not cleaned .
they not check an inside a car after servicing they should check a car properly to an inside because when we done a servicing that time dust was remained like that an inside a car so when we informed them after that they cleaned it but it should be not happen before hand over a car they should check a car completely .
car condition and clearance car interior part was not cleaned properly they should clean neatly then it will be fine .
in car interior should be have more dry cleaning .
dark alone came so that full dust was inside my car .
the interior parts what i said was cleaned properly but it i haven t said that i am using my car for personal use .
interior parts needs to be cleaned properly .
there are again not washing the car from inside only washing from outside .
they do not properly cleaning the servicing car , they clean the car only outside but inside were not cleaning , 2 to 3 times i was taken away my car for cleaning only , but they are not properly clean the car .
the interior parts should be cleaned .
from inside the car when we open dikki .
after servicing they do not clean the car , the cleaning is not proper from outside , but inside clean .
they are not cleaning the car inside .
cleaning needs to be improved and they do n't do vacuum in interior parts .
they just clean the outer position interior part remain the same .
it should be improved they take full charges from their customer so the interior part should be cleaned .
if the dust is at outer side then it is well but the dust remain the same in interior parts also .
but the mat inside it are not cleaned properly all the dust remain the same .
the should check the interior parts are cleaned or not .
last time i paid rs 2000 for an internal interior clean .
which i taken one hour servicing which was not proper they should concentrate on interior cleaning .
