they return our vehicle with wet from inside and outside water is dripping .
water servicing should be improved .
water service should be arranged in two different sections as one should be the opening part other should be closing part .
when we asked them to put a water in bonnet then they do not put the water in that and there is garbage in tires also .
so they are not putting water there also .
they should improve on the water services done for cleaning the vehicles .
they should improve in the water services given by them .
the water remains in some parts like battery etc .
the car water service .
water servicing section should be improved under body part of vehicle should also be properly cleaned
car water service should be improved
after doing car service they done water servicing also so theory should done this at the time of car servicing .
they were not properly cleaned the vehicle under water bodies .
if we will giving water servicing the car , then they our car as it is only .
while cleaning the vehicle they should be take care give more attention also recheck before handover to customer rhere is no any water in car or any oil orgrees in car etc .
they should improve water service and other service .
water was also not done properly .
they use only water .
they should not properly do by water service also it is very dirty service .
it should be done littlie bit slowly because upper side of mirror remain water makes
machine service is good but they are not did water service .
in body engine they are not did properly on water service .
1 \) they went to pick the car at 5pm but they did the water service at 11am .
they are not doing water service properly .
they are not doing water service but they are cleaning the car by small clothes .
they only put water .
water makes should not show on car .
and also they should not properly the water servicing .
they put water on car they see the second , third car .
water service was not properly done .
while servicing they mot done the proper water service .
water servicing and polish should be properly .
service should be more improved water servicing should be properly cleaning it is no problem to they are taken additional amount , but they are giving generally service so , it should be improved which they additional amount they taken there is no problem , but good service should be given .
they do proper work for water service
they have to improve the water servicing and cleanliness .
i visit the service centre for water service they did not service properly at bottom engine .
they must do water was for all the parts .
water service is not good .
water stair was remained in glass and also polishing was not accurate .
water service need to be more improved it will good for us .
they are not properly water servicing our car .
so , they used only water and after that leave it like that only .
water service is not available in the amana toyota vengalam dealership .
water service should be available at dealership .
the water is falling down from the car .
water service is not done properly hence , need to do the water service properly .
water service need to do properly .
water service must be improved .
there have water service facility so there should be have water service facility .
is the customer happy or the service center if they bring their car for servicing if customer comes for servicing they provide tea water facility with that it is not fine .
the noida place were located there the water tds are high .
they throw a water on car after that left like that so nobody go there before it it .
