after cleaning the car properly , they should use chemicals or polishing , or else the dirty areas would remain dirty forever .
they should wipe the vehicle with dry cloth before giving .
if the cloth of door comes out then its make noise .
cloth of bumper , mungat and bonnet 's is very light .
neither they apply polish nor shampoo and deliver as it is .
in last service i have done polish on my car but white spots were as it was on car .
they should polish properly so it shine properly .
they must polish the dashboard so that car get a feeling of new .
cleaning polishing should be better .
car cleaning polishing should be much do better .
if it is necessary that they have to empty the diesel , then they can put that diesel in some bag or polishing and inform us .
they should be do polish on the car .
when the bring the car outside we have to say to them that polish my car after we till them then only they do the polish .
at the time of polishing they put polish on mirror also so that time of evening .
they not polish the car .
they should polish car from downside also .
they do n't use the cloth properly for cleanliness .
they are given proper treatment to customer in waiting they should give drop to customer there is only car for drop and it is also not good in condition they should keep drop customer in old car customer cloth also spoil .
2 \) they have to do the polish for exterior black fiber .
there is stain on wheel so they should use cloth there should supervision for this work .
and car polish as not done they had hand over to me .
while cleaning the car they should use good quality cloth .
they not concentrated in cleanliness and polishing also , which they done in last those things they should done first like car ok or not we had to told them .
if they done the polishing , so some place stain are remained so they should concentrate about it and also done the cleanliness properly .
when they doing polishing then not doing completed polished in between remained polishing should be proper .
they should polish the vehicle properly and should do touching work properly .
after service polishing of spare parts was pending .
customer should not get a chance they here is not washed properly like polish here and their .
they just give car by washing it with cloth .
they don t polish our car properly .
we want them to do proper polishing of vehicle .
the polish needs to be done properly .
