there was soil on front wheel rear wheel but the service center staff was not cleaned it .
proper responsible staff should be available in this dealership and they should properly cleaning the car and condition service should be improved .
the worker for washing car should be increase .
we have to be behind the staff and tell them there is all dirt in my car .
when customer given to servicing for car that time staff should be proper cleaning the car and if some scratches are there that should be removed .
more staff should be available .
sometimes they are not washing the car so staff should proper concentration to washing the car .
like for example if we go to the doctor tell that my chest is paining then the doctor will tell you what is to be done for that so like that only the staff should tell us that what type if servicing is to be done by looking at the car .
instead this should be mentioned by the dealership staff .
staff should be in control .
the staff who control guide them they itself don t have proper controlling power .
when i enter the service center within 15 minutes a staff should attend the car .
cleaning staff must have some facilities .
increasing the staff .
they have to educated the staff regarding the cleanliness .
employees are getting charges again and again so new staff don t take care of cleanliness of vehicle .
washing staff should be well trained about cleanliness maintaining of car .
staff should take care of it that work should go smoothly .
toyota customers don t have any other option so infinium dealership staff doing cheating with customers .
all staff are thief at this dealership .
staff told me sorry even they repair it .
if the delivery staff do something wrong then they should accept it .
supervisor should change the old staff because the person will do their duty and its supervisor duty to check .
staff should be increased there is minimum staff and work should be done slowly that will be good .
there should be some sort of awareness within staff .
staff should be increased .
workers are very well .
worker 's should be permanent .
staff should be understanding were it is dirty in the car and customer not necessary to told the staff , and staff should be trained to mechanical to new car
in rating season we are not able to drive the cars , the glass of cars are full of muel drive rainy season , the staff not giving proper response it they give proper response then it will better for us .
they should increase staff because at the time of servicing lots of rush is our there staff are less .
staff should work with responsibly understanding .
staff is doing heard work from beginning of the day .
i think they should increase staff so it will be good .
they have to inform me how many things they had fixed in car and your toyota workers are telling there is no other company who is putting things in car and taking the money .
there washing facility are all good , but their staffs are not doing properly work .
the staffs were should be doing all works properly .
they should check the car and then do the servicing then should be improvement needed in servicing staff should be good and not neglect the work .
toyota staff must be trained properly .
they should be open service center to trained the staff
service center workers must be guided .
when we are saying to the staff then they are told us , sir , we are properly cleaning your car but they are not cleaning properly inside the car .
good staff should be their for washing the car .
they have to increase the staff
at bijapura service centre not good , there is not cleaning also very dust and workers are not doing fast work .
at hubbali service centre , there very good service also staffs are good .
hubbalis staffs replaced to bijapura service centre .
they should strictly behave with staff .
the labor worker of service center work properly when there is a executive they work properly because they have to gain 10 out of 10 marks from customer , if the executive is not available then they just do improperly work and handover the car to the customer .
staffs are deeply working there , but should be work more , should be appointed at educated people .
staff should be good .
servicing should be improved if i am giving car for servicing it should not happened like i received car with scratches this is completely unrespectable for me as a customer i thing that toyota had not given proper training to staff like how to handle car .
they should increase washing staff .
staff should have knowledge about cleaning the car
service center staff should do their work perfectly with care .
the staffs who are doing servicing they should take watch on them that they are cleaning the car properly or not .
workers should work properly .
staff should be increased .
cars body parts should be cleaning properly also staff should be improvement .
they need to appoint good experience staff for service .
workers are not understand how it is cleaning and washing .
their workers are not understand how is put the mat inside the car .
service provider staff are very poor .
company should remove the manager and appoint new staff .
the staff should check the car once after servicing .
once the worker finishes there work it s the responsibility of advisor to recheck the service and to inform the customers .
after servicing my car they are not properly washed it , they are given to at private service centre , at private centre workers are not serviced , they are only sprayed it .
they should concentrate on staff which cleanilessed they done , which was proper or not .
they should be cleaned our cars overall parts , also without customers information workers should do by themselves
after servicing our car and ready for it , then there 2 to 3 workers are there , they used same material for dashboard polishing and polishing our car , hence our car we are not able to see light .
there should be a difference between local mechanics and showroom staff but they are doing the servicing like outside mechanic people .
i have told the staffs about this and they have told me that we cannot do more than this .
they have to increase the staff ans mechanics
while servicing our car they are not properly washed our car , washing is very important for servicing , hence , good workers should be appointed specially for washing our car .
there staff s are on contracted base or they are not getting their salary properly .
there should be one supervise to check the cleaning the staff are doing properly or not .
the staffs didn t notice that i was watching everything whatever they are doing .
many staffs are change .
they should keep more efficient staff and a good mechanic .
this service was not done by dealership this was mostly done by outside staff , so they are doing what they know
there should be supervision on staff who does cleaning ad when our car is under service .
the company should have a staff from complaint itself for appointment purpose .
one worker can t handle full work .
staff are not good .
staff should be changed actually .
the number of staff members is less and should be increased .
especially the staff should take major care towards the cleanliness in the service .
the staff should be increased .
staffs are not working manually in engine we see that most of dust is there .
dealership staffs are not properly cleaning the car some of dots are see in mirror so that should be improved .
monitoring should get properly to staff .
they should focus on staff
at erode dealership there is lack of staffs .
due to lack of staff the services are incomplete .
hence , they need to increase the staffs .
inside of car dealership staffs are not cleaning properly so they should cleaning the car properly like gas board , car net inside of car .
ended up the service staff need to screw up to do the work properly .
the workers who are in the dealership should co operate and guide customers .
the workers who work in service center they should do their work properly .
1 \) they have to change the washing staff 2 \) they have to increase the service advisors .
i have suggestion that your staff should work smartly .
there workers are not properly washed car .
the staff over there takes more leave .
the staff is very eland they should increase the staff .
which have there washing staff and after washing which staff have for cleanliness they should them .
washing staff should concentrate on them work .
the staff use stereo for cleaning purpose .
i have service center the staff are very less .
there is only one staff in washing area the pressure is fully on that one guy he is also an under staff only .
staff is not good in dealership .
the toyota management director they should put some pressure on their staff .
so that they said it had problem so they took the car to showroom the opened the dealership and the staff came and serviced within 1 00 they deceived my car .
mechanical staff should improve their work .
they take lots of time and also they not washed a car properly because there have no time so much , so it should be improve and also worker should be increase , because of this they can improve their service .
he needs to give time allotment to their staff .
there is a problem in worker works .
the workers who are involve in cleaning process should work under manager as the management should looks after them .
so all staff should be co operative with the customers not only technical staff in toyota .
