it is very high .
how do we know which part is branded which one is a fake  after comparing hyundai with toyota , the former becomes more attractive to people .
males still like toyota , but hyundai is a more popular brand to ladies family members .
the reason behind this is that the models of hyundai are more attractive than toyota .
so toyota should make its models more attractive from outside like it should be curly , curvy , should have aerodynamics , etc .
so toyota should provide more varieties in their service centers .
and the service that they provide should be improved more .
they charged me more than the insurance .
service area is narrow it should be more broad .
it never happens that they charge 5000 to 6000 as it is always more .
if we have water servicing in other local dealership they are charge minimum but in showroom they are charge the servicing is high so that should be reduced .
the amount they are charging is too high .
they are charge servicing is very high that should be reduced .
they charge more for car washing .
as last time they had charged 7000 rs for servicing which is high .
but if it is directly 7000 then it very high for us .
so if they improve more than more vehicles will come for servicing .
in the last service they charged me more service tax so this should be reduced .
they deploy more labor for servicing so if they reduce it then it will be good .
they charged more for policy i .
they are taking more time in delivering the vehicle
they charge more for the parts it should be reduced .
this is a huge different parts are the same so they are charging more .
2000 which was high .
some of parts they are charge very high so that should be reduced .
some will say less and similarly other staffs mentions high .
parts which we do not get from any shop they charge more for that part .
they should do the water wash cleaning more properly .
i am not saying they charge more it is reasonable but offers should be provide to regular customers .
outside for service they do not charge high .
they charge more if any parts are to be changed .
the toyota charges 30 more as compare to normal work shop .
so there should not be more difference between the estimate amount and the actual amount .
difference of 1000 to 2000rs ok not more than that .
they charge more for parts .
they had charged more in the last servicing .
more some board cover more some other extra seating .
i feel the body parts are too much high compared to other companies
spare parts is very high so that should be reduced .
vat taxation is high it should be reduced because on an amount you put 6 or 12 vat is applied .
chagres are high it should be reduced .
they are taking more service taxes , so they have to reduce it .
labor chargers are very high car parts chargers should be reduced .
the car parts chargers are very high .
they are taken a c charges more
they are taking more service tax .
they should not charges more .
insurance is too high .
now i am hearing it will be increase more .
it 's too high .
1700 1800rs is more for general check up .
if the amount is less then will be more beneficial .
i am not satisfied with chargers charge by the dealership huge  high  amount charged .
charger chargered are more e .
the bumper of my car got damage , more than 10 20mints i have to wait .
i was change my cars wiper for that they will charge very high something 5 , 000 rs to me .
tax is very more it should be less .
simple service also they charge very high .
they said normal oil is good , synthetic oil is better and will perform more .
same parts toyota charges more like for tyre toyota take rs 8000 but outside same tires we can get in rs 4000 .
it should have 10 to 20 more to toyota but they take double so it 's should be reduce .
as compare to the dealership they charged more amount .
alignment was very high , it should be reduce .
they are taking more time for servicing not giving car on commited time .
aliments the wheel balance are very more it should be reduce .
smile package which they prepare it should be done for more kilometers .
service quality should be more .
if there is some major problem then its right the high of the car is less as in india road is nice so on this type of good then the car is good .
in this service center toyota car are more .
and they should improve little more service .
they charged 2000 3000 for small work they charged more amount .
we feel more so it should reduce .
1000 was more .
toyota service centers charges very high , so , it should be less .
small parts are more expensive it should be reduce .
do n't know why the tax are more
if servicing more .
they should provide additional skim to the customer like them smile pack same like they should provide more additional smile pack .
insurance is too high .
if it will be high then it will be hard to maintain the car .
it is too much high .
it should be more customer family .
as compare to other dealership this dealership charged very high , i was arrayed the complaint for last 2 times then to they charged high amount .
the percentages are high .
market value is satisfactory , but service tax is too high .
for a small work also they should not charge high they can charge high for huge work .
i feel it is more .
that time which charges they taken , which was high .
they should offer more discounts to their loyal customers .
4400 for me this amount is very high so , i refused told him i will change in next servicing .
they are charged very high for the parts .
for journal check up they are charge very high like 700 to 1000 rs .
17000 thus i feel that it  s too high amount .
more types of materials are fixing to the car .
marker is increasing high the servicing has happening quick .
they charge high and never do what 's told to hem .
they can charge more if there are changes in the major parts or oil changing .
they took more cash with me for servicing my car what i feel .
i sawed at akbar that they provide more offers to their customers .
for painting the changes are high for full painting they charge rs 5000 rs 10000 .
previously people purchase toyota car because of low maintence but today maintained is very high .
there are taking more tax .
if we do servicing for some work from outside they take rs 250 but here they take rs 350 so rs 100 they are charging more .
the changes should be reduced then it high for us .
we ca n't say anything to them for small work like alignment oil change or alc cleaning they are taking more amount .
they charge are very high as compared to past so company should reduce the changes then it will be fine .
chrages are very high .
they are taking more changes .
