they should reduce charges of spare parts in vehicle .
some spare parts like air ac , cooler , etc .
which can be repaired , but they totally replace the parts , for which the costing is higher .
i think if they first held a meeting with customer about whatever work is there , they have been given an overall estimate but instead of doing this , if they will give each details of each parts then , it would be better and the matter will be clear .
they should reduced the cost of parts .
as well as if any part in proper condition then also they are changing it .
charges for spare parts should be reduced .
the cost of spare parts in toyota service center is very high , whereas the same parts are comparatively cheaper outside .
certain regular parts like lubricants , air filter , oil filter , etc .
how do we know which part is branded which one is a fake  after comparing hyundai with toyota , the former becomes more attractive to people .
if any parts are not to be changed genuinely they should not change so that the cost would be reduced .
accessory parts too costly .
they could reduced accessory parts price .
8500 and when i brought the same parts from outside they had took rs 3500 .
your product is new may be there is manufacturing default but they told us it is warrantor part , so we have to pay for it .
spare parts price are high as compared to car price .
if separate parts taken together and made car from it then that 's price will be 10 times .
that 's mean to get money from customers by making monopoly for spare parts .
spare parts prices are very high and they are not available in open market which creates monopoly .
for example , toyota does not manufacture all the products  parts  .
the same part it is available in open market at 40 i .
for small repairs and for parts they take more money .
they should give original parts .
there is price difference for few parts between service center other shops .
then also for parts your are charging as per the mrp rates .
we are purchasing car from you does servicing from you still you charge the parts as per mrp .
i was planning to purchase tires of green stone brand but there is difference of rs .
e 5000 for 5 tires .
car is in cheap rate but the parts are expensive .
if i compare the car price with parts price then the car price is cheaper then parts price if we purchase separate parts then its available in expensive price if it is with car only so its not feel so expensive .
for small small parts they are charges very high so that should be reduced .
e no changes are done like oil change or any parts change .
they charge more of the spare parts of the vehicle so i think service charges are very costly .
we know that the parts are costly but the servicing charges which is from the dealer side should be reduced .
if any parts are not working that time .
they should first intimate to the customers how much they are charges the parts and servicing charges should be reduced .
they must reduce the parts charges , it is too expensive .
spare parts charges are high , so they must reduce .
if parts order is given it is delivered after 1 month .
and must put required number of parts only .
this is the only problem so if they avoid putting unnecessary parts in the car .
decision was given from the supreme court that if you don  t want to buy auto part from toyota then you bring the vehicle stuff then they will attached the stuff .
if we buy the parts of the car from the showroom then the rates are high if we buy the same parts from outside the cost is little cheaper .
there are some parts where we cannot clean but they have that stuff through which they can clean .
if we ask why you are taking so much charges they says parts are not working and their could be a problem .
they are installing older part of other car in our car and taking money .
if price of any parts is rs .
they should give some free services like car washing or repairing any part in smile package .
they are charge small small parts like 200rs but outside dealers are charge 50rs only , so that should be reduced .
if any parts of car get damage then they immediately apply a charges .
improvement is required in this part .
improvement is needed in this part .
7100 said that some parts were repaired and changed the parts without my intimations .
i went to withdraw cash and also they haven  t showed the old parts to me which was replaced it with new one .
ideally the technician should show the part and need to tell the prices .
some of the parts has been not made by chaudhary toyota so the same parts are getting in market with less rate .
though the parts are having mrp still they put the price them self and if we search online crome so we found lots of difference in that price .
the charge of service and the charges of parts even cost should reduce .
if there is any repair for spare of the vehicle they have to change that spares and do the service
services charges should be reduced as they should charge less for the parts required in the car .
service charge is very high that should be reduced also reduced the square parts charges .
they take 1 hour to complete the billing part we need to wait for that .
they charged rs 3k for bumper but for painting they  re taking rs 7k .
they do not allow us to buy any parts from outside .
they charge more for the parts it should be reduced .
some of parts charges is very high so that should be reduced .
while giving the car for servicing i had told them to exchange all the parts and for this they told me that it would cost around 10 , 20 , 000rs .
this is a huge different parts are the same so they are charging more .
they should be give discount 5 10 on washing servicing and parts .
some of parts they are charge very high so that should be reduced .
parts are very costly .
whereas in market maruti car parts we get at 250 300 .
parts are very costly , it should be reduce .
they should decrease the cost of spare parts .
for spare parts cost is very high back side indicator little damage but they are change full sets of indicator charged 5000rs so that should reduced
they do n't change the unnecessary parts and they have to change the parts for repair required .
parts rate should be appropriate .
if company part is available , then do not fix local parts
parts which we do not get from any shop they charge more for that part .
when i went to buy car dealership staff said parts of toyota vehicles are cheapest compare to other .
they said altis corolla have cheapest parts cost but parts cost of innova is cheaper 20 30 percent than corolla .
i am not satisfied with rates of parts .
when we visited the service center for any one vehicle part repairing or for replacement , they are saying to change the other 2 3 parts .
parts are very costly .
in compare to other cars toyota has costly parts .
they should inform to the company as the price of parts is high .
spare parts price should be less and they should not take too much time of old customers .
their charges are high for servicing as well as for parts .
parts are available at low rate in market .
suppose i asked you that brake has some issue then they will open up the tire but if before that they go to know that there is some minor issue and it does not require to open the tire them also they charge with full amount .
for one one parts they are charge so they should reduced charges of all parts other .
they should update charges of spare parts to the customer before installation .
parts are too costly in the service center they should reduce the price of parts .
charges should be less of special parts .
they charge more if any parts are to be changed .
spare parts rate is high , if we purchase the spare part from the company the rates are too high if we purchase the part from the outside they do not fit the parts
spare parts and all others should be reasonable .
they charge more for parts .
they should reduce the charges in the spare parts which they change in the car .
charges of parts is high outside we get in less price here it is costly .
they charged me for ac but they have not done anything still they charged for ac .
they have not even open bonnet of ac still they charged 1500 rs from me .
they charged 3000 rs for ac cleaning .
the tire should at least run for 40000km .
because if the tire is not proper then our life is in risk , like last time of the person died because of tire blast .
price is very high , once i just had small accident there was small spot on bumper of my car nippon dealership charge around 3000 rupees they fixed it properly then i didn  t go to the nippon dealership i gave my vehicle outside in small show room they fixed in only 300 rupees this is different .
coast of spare part should be less should be reasonable .
the toyota service cost is very less but spare part cost is very high amount .
service charge very less only that i agree but spare part needs to be somewhat adjustment they have to provide .
instead of replacing damage or repairable parts toyota interesting to replace the whole part , instead of replacing the part so toyota people should try to repairing the parts so we also get benefit on charges .
spare parts rate should be reduced give to reasonable price to customer
they should be 1st informed to customer for prices of parts .
and ask to customer for changing parts and can we changed it or not
i feel the body parts are too much high compared to other companies
they should not take high charges on spare parts
prices for parts must be reduced
even charges for spare parts need to reduce .
they should decrease the cost of spare parts .
if we change any spare parts in car their charges are high for that which should be reduce .
they have high price compare to other dealers if we change in spare part in our car .
just to change small singe part they charge bill of 5000 rupees so this charges should be less .
spare parts is very high so that should be reduced .
while servicing the interior part should be cleaned even for antenna your charging 3000 for innova but outside they are only charging 500rs , this are the basic things which i am saying .
they had changed the parts of the car without any reason due to which i had to pay .
cost of spare parts are also high .
first time when i changed the tires they took 1200rs but when i changed tires second time they charged 1600rs .
spare parts charges are too high they should provide 10 to 20 discount .
their condition like we have to buy parts only from them their charges are high .
if they are working on bumper also servicing , then they should charge 1000 rs .
spare parts charges are more like toyota innova crysta new model car launch in market , so old charges of old innova car parts not should be high this i wants to share with toyota .
which parts are charges at what amount and how much works are done properly , everything will be watched .
we should get the exact parts as per the price .
the charges of their parts are too high .
if any parts got damage , if they could repair the parts instead of change then the price could be low .
they are doing the parts repairing even though the repair is not required
the car parts chargers are very high .
they are washed to the cars at big places , not washed at small parts .
if we are told them , and showed them cars parts problem then they are replaced this parts .
one day i am showed my cars one parts problem then they replaced the cars parts , after i am showing other service center they are told me this parts till used in 5 to 10 years .
they should give 10 or 20 discount on price of spare parts to customer .
some original spare parts charges should be reduce .
some price list should be published for spare parts
chargers of the part of vehicle should be reduced .
they taken charges if they give car parts and free pouches .
unnecessary telling this parts damage that parts damage .
like , last time they charge me for my tire cover also .
i used to go also in others dealer but their service charge and cost of parts are too high .
they were charge quite high prices to all the spare parts .
like outside spare parts were available at rs 500 or rs 600 but in toyota service center they charge for spare but in toyota service center they charge for spare parts rs 2400 or rs 2600 .
oil charge and ac checking like that ordinary charges will be charge above 10 , 000 rs .
the charge are comparative same almost of maruti , toyota and many other as it is said that the toyota maintenance is less compared to other but it is not like that it is common as other , as around 3000 as they should not charge too much just for as change , water service and for water service they should change only rs300 and if there is a replacement of the part then it various then it will charge above 4000rs as per the part then it various then it filter air filter and so on and also the charge very according like above 10km the charge very according like above 10km the charges will be more comparatively
service charges should be less , they are told us always change very each parts , this will company 's rules .
infinium toyota really change very high price for car parts spare parts .
if they charge high price in future also , then i am definitely think two times for change my car 's spare or not .
they are taken more charges for all parts compare to other car , toyota service is much more charges , it should be less then we will be happy
there is lot of difference between the cost in compare out side spare parts .
the past charges and service charges are very high like for periodic service they charge around 10 , 000 and with part it varies as per the part for the last service i paid around 10 , 000 to 15 , 000 something around .
as for each break pad parts they charge rs .
they should give free check up and for the parts they should charge around 4000 to 5000 .
while we told them which parts are problem , then that charges only taken them , otherwise not taken .
if any part is good in posing so , there is not need to change it .
car parts should not be costly .
parts quality must in a good condition .
they are attached our cars spare parts it should not occurred again .
if there has no problem like open the part but also they take more charges for only general check up .
which parts damage in car , they not repaired .
and also not change part .
they should repair the parts
which charges they take for parts it should be reduce it .
they are many time change the parts that why i again and again pay the charges they should be repair it .
they opened the door part just for inspection they charged for that also then told me that it should be replaced so they should have told me earlier about this or they should not charger for inspection
they should keep the spare parts available .
the bumper of my car got damage , more than 10 20mints i have to wait .
if spare parts will be available then it will be better for customers .
car parts not available in a market that 's why we pay for this because its available in a company only .
it was oil change and tire disk replacement .
if they charges the parts then its ok but for the simple service they charge very costly .
spare parts are very costly .
they should be reduced the part charges .
they should reduce rate of parts .
when we are given to the car at servicing then they are changing our cars parts , then charging it .
if there is problem in any part of car they should not take charges for that this is not customer mistake .
parts not available at toyota many times .
outside parts price are less then toyota parts price .
same parts toyota charges more like for tyre toyota take rs 8000 but outside same tires we can get in rs 4000 .
if parts are not available at service center they should buy the parts through market compare to market price service center persons charged extra amount .
on service charge , they cost of spare parts are very high .
they have to reduce spare parts charges .
they should be reduce 20 charges for servicing and also reduce the charges for parts .
toyota parts charges should be reduce also service charges are more it should be improve .
here , good quality of spare parts , but they are taking more charges .
if parts are not available at other side , then dealerships are taken its double rate .
if all parts of our vehicles are available at dealership in reasonable prices then all customer purchasing only at dealership .
if we are purchased other side it is duplicated and at dealerships were getting original parts , hence at dealerships should be less rate it should be good for the customer .
spare parts rate should be less .
spare parts rate should be reduce .
they were charge more for any extra fitting and spare parts also they were charge high price .
they should reduce charges of car parts this is government rule .
how can i suggest nippon to reduce the cost nippon ask to find out the way i need a spare part they bought the spare parts ban lore through courier , so may be those courier charges are come on my head instead of that they should bring out 7 stock it so i do n't know for what purpose i paid whether the its aright amount for the spare parts
service center people has taken 12 , 140 extra from me they told me they will put new parts in the car but they had not put it .
they should reduce charges of car parts this is government rule .
before we make payment they should be check properly all the parts of car were working properly or not then after only they are get payment from us .
service center should not charge different price or different parts .
parts of car should charge if needed only .
the maximum rate of auto parts .
it should be minimum , if we changed our cars parts , insurance are immediately not claimed .
i had not faced any major problem in this car servicing is just because engine and all part should check once .
for servicing which part charge need to change that part only .
any other dealership the parts charges are less .
they take extra things regular charges like leas balancing alignment services parts .
for spare parts m .
they should inform to car owner before inserting any part because they charge more while billing .
comparing to other dealership the cost of spare parts is very costly because of this customer also very less in harsha
cost is more for service of parts must be reduced .
they take more charges they should be give so me discount them parts of car are costly they should be give at least 10 to 15 discount because customer are not go outside for servicing they repair in same place .
they should improve in charges like some parts it should be reduce .
5500 compared to that now there charging more charges of parts are more .
parts cost should be less .
rate of parts should be reduce then it will be good for us .
for first three service they should not charges also part charges .
they also they get part charges .
and they should tell about the parts also that which parts it will take how much charges .
normal service like oil changing , ac checkup have more cost .
oil changing and ac cleaning service are charged more it will be better if charges are reduced .
the spare parts are very costly .
if they are changing any part of car then old part they should keep inside the car .
so customer should know easily which part they had changed .
company parts price should be less then market price
the charges are made much more spare parts .
there is a different in parts because parts are not available outside if available then price are very low .
and toyota charges parts also should be reduce .
compare to other service center toyota taking more charges for car parts .
now which the spare parts and accessary are there it rate ca n't reduce .
cost of the parts is high .
so for the change of parts they charge 15000rs .
they should be changed unnecessary parts only .
they extra charge for some spare parts so it should be reduce .
without reason they add charges they servicing ac pin .
in service charge spare parts price are too high , so it should be reducing then it will be better
charges are more disimpection charges are more they re service the ac .
which parts have in toyota it charges should be reduce like oil , break oil , mirror , and bumper .
compared to other companies , there spare parts rate very high .
toyota parts are costly , so i think that agency people take extra charges by parts
there is a difference in spare parts rates at the showroom outside .
lot of service changes they charged , i taken lanson spare parts only but the charges is to high it should be less .
then if small fitting of the car part damaged , they are again getting for the charges minimum rupee1000 it should be discounted , it will help for the customer .
price of parts is more of toyota .
while servicing time they are forced to the customer and unnecessary repaired the ac and also washing the car and given to bill rs .
when we purchased the car tire at company it is very cost if we are purchased same tire at outside shop its rate very less , so at company they should be given in less rat , it should be help for the customer
thier parts charge are more they take 100 more charge .
must inform if any parts are wormed to change to change it otherwise due to the accident may occur .
parts are costly like for side glass cover they take 500 rs .
small parts are more expensive it should be reduce .
750 spare parts were costing rs .
spare parts rate is very high .
if glass got broken or any tire punctured so they were doing it .
we are not understaffed bill payment in english language , it should be in tamil language they are given car  s parts of bills are not understaffed .
should repair only the parts of the car which are damage not showing any new things as damage telling to repair for taking charges which are not needed .
spare parts charges should be less .
servicing charges part charges are more it should be minimum .
1  they have to provide reasonable charges for spare parts .
2  compare to outside , the charges are more for spare parts in showroom .
they should reduce the spare parts charges up to 15 to 20 that will be better .
like in outside market have parts price 2rs .
service center should be reasonable also parts .
they should be available billing also reduce waiting time car parts are very costly
car part price service charges are more .
because for car 's spare parts we has to go millennium toyota dealership .
if we want some parts for car so they from an outside .
because toyota 's has no any parts that 's why only for spare parts they should open some dealership .
if we put some parts in car .
they should reduce the rate of car parts .
spare parts must be around  12000 .
bumper rate must be reduced .
back parts of the car was damaged and rate of these must be reduced
because we are the customer of rishi toyota , so rishi toyota should talk to the toyota about spare parts like small thing .
for small damage like spare parts they should not take profit .
service and parts cost is too high .
they take charges for small thing like spare part charge , they should avoid such charge , so it good for us .
dealership service and mobil charge is too high , vehicle parts price is satisfactory .
then when we are taking for servicing the advisor tells to changes it parts change that part for that they to not charge .
spare parts rate is more , so it should be reasonable price .
the toyota needs to give discount on parts of servicing charges .
cost the spare parts must be reduced
spare part 's cost is more .
cost of the spare must reduce .
the service charges they take for the parts and the parts charges need to be low the customer should also get profit .
hidden charges like accessory , maintenance e or spare parts are high as compared to other company .
the spare parts should be available in the center .
charges for the parts are more .
spare part charges should be low
they should change the parts less and also they should reduce parts rates .
if the spare parts are fixed differently the charges should be taken on the parts itself but not on servicing charge .
spare parts charges should be reduce .
they should not take different different parts charges again and again and also they should take all charges an one time .
rates of spare parts should be reducing by company because rates are too high .
parts and oil should be get in reasonable rates at toyota dealership .
their rates for greece , oil and spares parts are very high compare to market .
their spare parts charges also high .
if they are doing cars part service after it washed and taken washing charges also , but outside service center were free to washing our car .
my bumper was not proper so for that also the made 200 to 250 charged .
at the time of servicing they are doing any part servicing after cleaning then charge extra for it .
spare parts cost was very high , so it should be less .
price of the part is quite expensive .
they should make the charges lower because the parts are quite expensive .
tire rate is high as compared to local market .
they say there is difference between the original and duplicate tire rate .
original tire rate should be less .
last time servicing bumper was not aligned properly and they had fixed it with gum for this they have charged 500 rs .
the part which can be repaired but they won  t repair it .
they change the part in service center .
they should say the problem or repair or change in some parts information needs to be given to the customer .
they should inform the customer that is the problem is for repair and change in spare parts .
if they are changed the parts of our car , so they should be informed to the customer also told about charges of the parts , because of after they put more charges .
it  s not possible to decrease the rate of parts but if they reduce the service charge then it  d be better .
some parts which are not available in toyota this changes are required .
generally , some day if parts are not working and when we do inquiry for parts after that they give feedback like if part is available or not we have to order parts .
after order we discuss about that parts and when insurance will be complete so it takes too much time for customer and because of this our feedback is spoiling and name of company name is also getting spoiled .
my car one part is not working so they told me to charge the whole seat , instead of changing the whole seat they must be solved that one part problem .
service changes spare parts rates are more , every time cost normal service is minimum rs7000 .
it is will be good , if service changes spare parts rates are reduced .
parts charges are high .
if it was have original parts , so it 's ok but also they should not take so much charged .
as comparing to other company the price of spare parts in toyota company is very high mainly the price the spare parts is very high as compared to other company .
so if they reduce the price of spare part it will be good .
service charges of dealership is higher than the charges of parts .
compared with bangalore dealership spare parts rate are very high in chennai lanson dealership , so spare parts rate should be reduced .
their spare parts prices is very costly as compared to other service centers .
while changing some parts they charge very costly .
they are charged very high for the parts .
the price of one tire is rs 700 , so four tire rs 2800 , so what will happened in our situation .
in toyota all parts are having high price but in other place there is no high price .
they should decrease the price of spare parts .
spare parts cost is too high it would be good if they reduce the cost of same .
instead of replacing parts toy should check what all measures can be taken to increase life of parts by some minor repairing 's .
spare parts charges are very high .
as compare to maruti suzuki spare parts toyota have very expensive price ranges .
servicing charge should be reduced especially in some parts i .
they should start the smile pads again where we have to pay fewer charges and it also has less price of spare parts .
compare to other they are charging high , suppose one of the part cost is 1 rupee in the market , they charge the same as rs .
they are taking more charges for break part comparing to other show rooms
spare rates are too exclusive hence need to reduce the same .
5 liter oil packet for car and should update about that parts only those are in bad condition .
whenever changing the parts on the car they need to give proper explanation for the same to customers .
spare part charges should be low
hence , these types of parts should be in stock always at dealership .
parts are expensive .
other cars parts are not that much expensive .
oil charge , ac checking , water wash charges can be reduced .
even in spare part rates as well too high , kindly reduce the same .
should reduce the vehicle parts charges .
toyota brand parts all are good as compares to other brands as well as charges .
if have to purchased any part or any thing then out side it is having price of rs .
toyota brand is one but in every dealership the spare part rates are different .
virudhunagar  and madurai both of them mention different prices for spare parts .
how they do servicing and which part they have changed we could n't know anything .
if rate of parts could be reduce then it would be good .
they should decrease the charges of spare parts .
car parts are expensive .
i do not know what are the prices of car parts generally so i ca n't check it from outside and compare it .
as a customer i would be really happy if the car parts are a little less expensive .
if we get a part at 5rs outside the showroom , they charge us 10rs for the same .
also need to explain properly for changing the parts , painting the car and man power charge .
they are taking more charges for spare parts
whatever , the car parts may be they need to give warranty of 1 to 2 years .
we buy car by spending lakhs thus the parts need to long lasting .
if the parts get damaged they need to look into the same and fix it instead of putting unnecessary charges .
spare parts rate is too exclusive it should be reduced .
charges was very high some of parts not working then they are change the parts that time also they are take charge .
they had keep some new parts in my car so they should ask me .
for every visit they are saying one spare part repair instead of rectifying identifying the problem
2  in mirror side there was leakage of water hence the glass part area get rust .
we believe that the dealership will have good parts hence we buy from them without going anywhere and still the dealerships parts as well like the same
all spare parts should be available
services charges the parts charges are very high so this should be reduced .
for service they can reduces charges of the parts .
when we purchase the part from out side they were do bargaining but in toyota the mrp price are same even they do n't bargening .
they should reduce 5 charges from the parts .
they have to take the over all charges , instead of taking the charges for spare parts
ac filter comes inside the dropbox which someone tore it .
they can charge more if there are changes in the major parts or oil changing .
if they put any part they charge high amount so they should reduce the charges .
anaamalai dealership spare parts charges should be reduced .
spare parts charges are high .
if there is any problem in parts they charged 4000 5000rs .
if the engine or other main parts if they charge this amount will be fine for us .
they have to reduce the charges of spare parts and service charges
they taken charges to every part also they taken other charges 100 or 200 rs .
if we told them our cars had spare parts problem then they not uderstable .
if we are went at other dealership they won  t changed the full parts , they only changed the required parts .
actually they should change the required parts .
spare parts rate was very high , so , it should be discounted .
service charges were very high , hence it should be less , and they put all parts of the charges , so it should be improvement .
they should give a discount and they should reduce a spare parts cost .
spare parts charges are also high .
they take four to seven hour for servicing the car if they need to change any parts then the charges are also be increased .
the toyota parts are very costly the charge more cost for the parts as compared to other company so they should decrease the charge .
spare parts bills are very high also service charges were very high , hence it should be less , so , it should be improved .
car parts charges should be reduce they should not take so much charges which is required .
cost of parts is more auto parts charges also more .
they should reduce parts charges .
showroom charges of parts are more .
lanson velachery dealership the spare parts rate are very high and they should reduce the cost of spare parts it will be good .
the spare parts charges are high at lanson dealership .
the service center should improve on charges of 55 they should not put rate on charges on what the parts are fixed on the car the rate should not be applicable the rate should be reasonable if the rate is not proper then the customer go but for servicing the rates is not proper on the parts they fixed .
in the marl at the spare parts rate are 3000 but for the same part they charge rs 8000 in service center the price of the parts are double in the service center because of this quality of toyota are damaged .
they should reduce the charge of the car parts .
there should be improvement in charges the quality parts rate should be reduced .
spare parts rate are high .
if the part price is rs .
if the parts are repaired then that parts needs to be changef the problem said by the customers should be solved .
if the parts are repaired then thet parts needs to be changed otherurse not .
they should improve on their charges , if any part wire are cutter they say to change whole tire .
to change that part it will take 40 , 000rs for small and big part they take more charges in which the service charges should be reduced .
all customers are not rich so they should compromise who not are afford about service charge in toyota parts have in fixed price like market price .
they should a reduce a parts charge for a normal customers so it will batter for us .
because car spare parts charge are less but worker charge are high .
parts charges should be improved .
the parts are very costly in service center .
the company should reduce the charges for spare parts .
if you are taking service charge they should give some parts for free of cost .
when the cleaning is done for interior part and we are paying full amount for charges also .
they should reduce service charges for parts
spare parts charge should be reduce .
the working quality should be improved , it the part are repaired it should be changed .
the spare parts are not good .
and spare parts charges also more , hence it should be less .
they should reduce the charges for spare parts .
charges for services are comparatively high , spare items charges are more , 2500 something cost .
the spare parts rate are very high so that the sprat rate should be reduced then it will be good .
which work they done for this they take a charges but which work i told them which they did n't do because of lack of material and parts also are not available , so it should be improve and parts should be available .
for gas ac etc .
they need to clean all the parts .
charges should be reduced and the parts are very lustily .
for every part they take machine some charges .
