earlier , i had given my car to servicing they told me , \? we will give complete details within 1 or 2 day or till monday \? . after that they committed me that we will complete the servicing till friday handover car to you but it was not completed . they completed servicing on next friday . previously they checked problem and they were aware about my car door issue . after that they had not given me proper time frame . they should know how much time it will take to deliver the car back . they should say , \? sir it will take 15 days , so please adjust to do your work . they finally gave our car on saturday .
amana toyota motors and dealership is not just a small company it \? s a vast and huge one . if a customer is coming with any issues in their car then instead of giving reason to them for not doing try to provide exact information to the customers as well as explain the same in details .
staff and mechanic should properly check and also trail the vehicle in roadside and all proper details information given to customer it was very help for the customer
all the staff are not aware of the servicing details as only 6 out of 10 staff are aware of this . so instead all the staff need to well known about the service details .
receiving ins not good and they have to give the details clearly
details should be elaborated properly and the timing should be maintained properly .
staff should take their responsibility . we are taking the car then what issues are facing or not all this feedback hey should take from the person who is driving the car . there is nothing like time to time work . once the car went to inside then we don \? t know work in process or not inside . they asked to sand one person inside and he is not working in other place as well but only he is doing cat walk from here to there . everyone is busy in doing cat walk . no one is looking in proper way . they should ask us as what problem we are facing in car and should note down . all details and all things should have done properly .
after servicing the car they should guide to customer told to pending work . they should proper detail information give to customer .
in between or internal communication or guidance with the customer if dealership will improve it then it would be good . if they give explanation in details about the works which is need to do do n't get time to time the proper information . when a car entered they should guide that this works need to do now and this works if will done later then also it will be oaky .
they need to tell the details about the things that require doing on car to the owner of the car or the person who goes on behalf of the owner .
detailed explanation is must . all charges are very his . the detailed explanation needed for all parts service charges . service center guys need to work honestly then it will be good not a money minded .
they order spare part which they brought from bangalore due that it will be one day late . so after one went to dealership they told we have ordered after 5 o'clock so it will take time for spare parts to receive . staff must inform prior and explain the details .
they should give extra information in detail about our car servicing
the dealership staff never gives the proper information about the services charges . they never gives the correct details about their services . they need to improve in this aspects .
while for servicing they do n't give right explanation to us . each time while coming must explain like how to drive to avoid problem . must give correct details explanation by service staff .
dealership staff must explain and guide us properly . must provide detailed printouts of the amount charged . if any parts needed to be changed then must inform the rate of it .
nowadays the car is new and all parts are new too . so the staff of showroom and even dealership staff must explain to us in detail . because the staff know the proper details of new model car
they were not given all the details about the vehicle . they should be give all the details and also they will suggest about new accessories foe the vehicle .
they should satisfy the customer properly they should explain everything in detail .
in car which work are require they should doing those work . they should not force to the customers that to do this work . they should not doing extra work in the car . for that reason we has to pay extra charge engineer break should like that only they should give complete detail to the customer and also not force them
while coming for the service the customer doesn \? t know the process . that time they must completely explain the details of servicing
they should avail the details of the problem to the customer . while servicing the car .
they should inform the charges to the customer in detail . examination needs to be done after servicing . trail facility needs to be given to customer after the servicing completed . whatever the problem comes needs to shared with the customer . because once the service completed and the vehicle took to doorstep and then the problem arise is not good to them . the servicing needs to be done properly while handovering to customer .
they change ac air filter but did not give me proper information about it . last servicing they give all details .
the polishing what they do need to be look like the details changed . they said solve this problem in future while polishing time the car should look like the new one . they should change in that manner they say as per that posh what all need to be changed and what are not to change . they should know what parts are been fixed and why it is fixed needs to shared with the customer . like such a small things they needs to faces and work avoid kingly for better results .
1 . they should give the service explanation to the customer in detail . 2 . each and every customer they should give clear information about the service , because do not know about the mechanical line they do n't know what parts needs to be changed so the staff should give clear information to the customer .
staff should know the customer vehicle id detail
they should explain all the details about the car but till now they have n't done it , they should explain small small things because when we go for long drive it will easy for us .
they should explain all the detail of car to customer like about music system , light i don \? t know how to use it . they should explain it .
