when we go there they themselves did not check the car , they asked parties about the issues in car . even after asking to the parties they should check car because they might not know parts . they are solving issues whatever parties is saying but they should also pay attention on other parts . they should advise us that this part is poor and we need to replace it so should we replace it or not . just i had done servicing and my car is making noise so they should upfront tell us . they did not give explanation .
they don \? t advice us anything . they work on problems which we mentioned them . they have trained executives so they should take a ride of our vehicle to check actual problem . they should also check that is there any other problem in vehicle rather than we mentioned but they do n't do this we have to inform them . they should tell us by them self that what is need to change in car , what should repair in car .
they should advise properly . they should check everything after that if you find any issue this is wrong . .
dealership staff should give advice explanation about the services . after changing any spare parts , the car has used for 10 , 000 km , we give the car for servicing then they should check that the spare part which is replaced is in proper condition or not . so due to which we do not have any issues like break down etc . while using the car for long travel .
there should be an experience advisor . this people are not having it . and the advisors are not having much knowledge and they were asking to us . if we asked them to do the work they should complete the work and should satisfied us . every one is ready to give their advise . if customer is satisfied then he will give the feedback happily . i am not satisfied with your millennium toyota which is on klayan shil phata road . i am satisfied with thane 's toyota . here people are not much older . we are getting all families in thane .
service advisor should give unbiased advice to the customer as they suggest us something else in 1 service and sudden on next service they suggest us something else , they should have objective criteria for advisers , they should check the vehicle properly at the time of servicing .
they don \? t know what they are advising to us . we have to explain them what is the actual problem . if we have any problem but they got any other problem , then they did not listen to us . my car engine is making noise that also i had to told him .
customer should get right advise which is not getting . they do n't have the idea about the car . like how to drive the fortunar car so the maintenance and mileage will increase . they should have all the information .
whenever we take our car for servicing the service advisors there do not advise us properly . what they do is suppose any part of the car is working fine they will ask us to change that part . part that is supposed to be changed is not done which the owner also know there is some defect . give proper training to service advisor and tell them they have to be friendly with customers . they must focus on what customer is telling .
they should improve in explanation advice . expects are not good . in my family we have 8 to 9 car of different brand . toyota only not giving explanation . they are not giving explanation properly . they think that we don \? t know how to driver car they have all information .
during car servicing dealership staff given same explanation or advice . so staff should show them to senior that how staff are working . after taking appointment also we have to wait for 20 to 25 mints .
in car which problem is their they should proper advice to them . they should first inform them which problem is their because customer can face problem . that 's why proper information should be provide .
they should improve explanation when we visit service center with car we have to search them nobody available there to attend us . they take more time for paper work . we have to explain them car problem . they are not explaining or giving advice to customer .
they should be checking the car . they should be good advice . they should have to check there car what 's the problem in car .
they should give proper advice to the customers . if any parts of the car are not working they should repaired it they should not tell to replace them . they should not scads the customer that to change the parts or replace it of the car . because taken charge more money from the customers . they should give proper suggestion .
staff should give proper information to customer . if customer do n't have information that any part is in warranty . so they should inform to customer . without reason they keep car for 2 day in showroom . they told us that guaranty warranty is not clear . so your car is over here . nobody is responsible person over there . there should be improvement in explanation advice of staff .
advisor talk rudely . should talk properly . time does not know how much time it will take for servicing . for 10 minutes work they take 4hrs . they should give proper advise .
advisor should give proper advice they should appoint good employees
explanation and advice which is given by staff should be improve they should entertain customer and listen there problems some person are there who don \? t talk well with customer .
in my vehicle there was ac related problem . it \? s not solving yet . they kept my vehicle for four day 's either then the adviser should checked properly , what problem in ac .
when i visited their service center that time i was completed my 70 , 000 km . that time service advisor self advise me after 5 6 thousand km you should change your break paddle . when you complete 5000 or 6000 km then visit again that time we will change it . when i was visit after completed my 5000 km to their service center then i remembered they told me after 5000 km they will change my cars break paddle . but that time service advisor told me your break paddle is in still good condition . we will change it when you completing your another 5000 km . when i visited after completing my 70 , 000 km that time if they properly estimated or advise how long break paddle where in good condition . if they give wrong estimated or wrong advice customer not comfortability drive the vehicle . they should be properly estimate or give correct advice to the customer .
one staff member given my proper advise and staff not given me proper advise he did n't explained me properly . they told me your bill will come something amount but we get some other amount in bill . so they should told us exact amount they told me to changed raile so i told them to changed it then they changed it but they did n't returned my old raile . when i asked about it they said it was not there .
they should advise the customer how to improve the performance of the vehicle .
they do n't give any advice . only do the repairing works .
they should sound technical . they should clearly tell the customers what was the problem in the vehicle even they should give genetic advise to the customers .
they should correct advise to the customers
rishi toyota service center had not explained me or haven \? t advise me about my car problem . they haven \? t advised me the interior major problem . they haven \? t explained the car problem or technical problem because of that the problem a raised . they should check technically and then they should discuss with the customer .
commercial toyota service center service advisor always are in hurry so they did n't talk toyota . customer so much service advisor should give proper advise to a customer like what servicing wane car when require change in it such kind of thing they should inform to a customers .
when we go there then they only asked that car have any problem \? in car have no so much excess problem but if we have doubt for some little things another then we want some technician advise , so there are our person so you can ask him like when people gone there , so there should be have normal technical advisor which provide us advise . i got an outside , when we put 1000 1500 diesel that time in starting mix a oil because of it overage is good engine work properly , such kind of small thing and doubts we known from an outside persons . such thing no body told us to your side they was take direct car key and car also and gone an inside after that they call me and said your car was ready , take your key and give me your gate pass and go from there if in my car have some major problem then we report on counter but if i have small problem , so that time nobody available there for this they should kept someone , so if will good for us . if someone car go there , so in your side someone and ask \? sir \? you want to ask something another then any advise you want to give or any suggestion you want so such 4 5 small thing we should ask to him . on there i have some technical doubts like in my car have auto meter which is not work properly and in car show fuel average , so if i want to ask about some technical and in my car which have button or switches , how to use it . there is have no any technical assistant to guide us , specially when we purchase new car , so in first servicing we want someone who give us advise like you should also put one more filter on upside . this thing i know to local mechanic such kind of small things to tell us there have no any person . if we will get technical advisor so it will good . i didn \? t get service advisor or technician number if i got a number so it will good for ask small small doubts . if in my car engine have some problem and also some noise are come so call to technician advisor and ask him to what to do another then at least when we go indorepur for car servicing so we can call and ask who technician provide me service in that time till now i didn \? t get any number if i got technical assistance regularly so in one year i will comfortable to use car because i drive my slowly , i didn \? t drive my car so fast .
which advisor give a advice which is not proper for this customer was not satisfied . they not provide proper service to us . which agreement done , they should be complete it . which they coating was planed , it should be complete .
the advisor should not give wrong information to the owner in service centre . only the owners can give full and correct information . if the advisor is giving any advice about the parts are damaged it needs to the changed and they wont trust on advisors advice . the use the owners for that advice . if the owners car has stopped at middle of the road then only he come to know that the advisor has given the wrong advice . the advisor should not say to change the parts immediately it need to the repaired , this thing should not repeat once again in the service centre .
dealership staff who explanation another then advise or which time they told an appointment both time was different and they told me you not came on time . so who people take appointment and who seat in dust , both co ordination was less . so which information they provide us which was wrong .
