they take lots of labor charge which is too costly .
compared to other companies toyota taking high labor charges .
labor charges is too high because of good quality so they should reduce that
they are taking so much labor charges so it should be less and they should give discounts to the customers .
labor charges amount is high for compare to other dealer , charges should be collected value for project also reduce the charges amounts .
servicing charges labor charges was very high that should be reduced .
so they have to reduce the labor charges .
they did not adopt the proper bill and they are charging servicing and labor charges , extra charges are high so that should be reduced .
they had extra charged for labor on every service .
overall labor charges and services charges is high
they are taking too much labor charges , the should decrease the charges and should give us offer .
labor charges should be reduced .
they have to reduce the charges , especially labor charges .
labor charges should be reduced .
labor charges is very high .
labor charges is very high .
out of the 13000 they 3000 charges as labor .
must charge as much less as possible , labor charges are also very high .
they are taking more labor charges about 15 , 000 .
labor charges should be reduced and reasonable charges should be providing to customer
compare to other dealer , labor charge is very high and they should not provide wrong information related to selling spare parts .
labor charges is very high .
they are increasing the charges of spare parts and labor , it should be less .
labor charges are more so they should reduce it .
labor coast should be reduce .
dealership should not charge labor to each and every part .
inova peoples told me after 80 , 000 km have to do servicing for that charge which they took its worth , but the labor charges which they applied it was high .
for one service they took 18 , 000 labor charges .
the charges of labor should be decrease .
even labor charges are high .
they should improve in the labor charges taken .
labor charges is very high it should be reduce .
labor charges are very high .
labor charges are higher than parts price .
their servicing has different p package in which they have labor charges .
service charges labor charges are high .
they deploy more labor for servicing so if they reduce it then it will be good .
i always travelling in mangalore coimbatore city in this city spare parts , servicing charges labor rate was low but this dealership they are charge very high so that should be reduced .
they applies labor charges which should be reduce .
100 their should be an some discount on that also for that they have to reduce the labor charges .
servicing charges labor parts charges should be reduced .
they should decrease the labor charges and the cost of spare parts also .
they are taking more labor charges .
they have to reduce the labor charges .
the labor charges are too high and they should reduce it .
labor charges is very high for small small work they are charged so that should be reduced .
the should decrease the labor charges .
labor charges should be reduced .
suppose we take any 1000 rupees part from toyota they take labor charge i don  t understand why they charge high .
labor charge is very high .
they applies little more charges for labor .
labor charge is very high .
labor charges and service is high it should be reduced .
compare to other dealership sharayu dealership labor charges is high .
they should be reduced labor charges .
labor charges should be reasonable .
they should decrease the labor charges .
first things is that the labor charges should be reduce .
130 but here your labor charges are rs .
labor cost is very high so that should be reduced .
they should decrease the labor charges .
servicing charges labor charges is very high so that should be reduced .
mainly they should reduce the labor charges they should tell the charges of the parts used to the customers .
they should decrease the labor charges .
labor charges should be reduced .
whatever charges you deploy out of that 75 is of labor charges .
labor charges are high .
labor charges should be reduced .
they should decrease the labor charges .
they takes a high labor charges .
labor charges is very high so they should reduced the labor charges .
they charge labor for hour by hour .
if they should reduce the labor charges then customer was happy .
labor charges extra parts charges are high .
they should decrease the price of spare parts and they should decrease the labor charges also .
it has been seen that in every toyota the labor charges are high than others .
they should decrease the labor charges .
labor charge should be free that will encourage to deal with toyota .
labor charges should be reduce .
labor charges should be reduced
labor charges are too much .
labor charges should be reduced
labor charges are more that material charges like oil charges .
compared to other companies their labor charges and parts charges are little high .
the should take fewer labor charges .
labor charge should be reduced .
they taken 3000 rs for oil changing , they should decrease the labor charges .
should do some modification in charges and should reduce the labor charges also .
after 1 year they take labor charges .
at that country in free service they give totally free they don  t even charge labor charge oiling but here when i went to free service they said you have to pay for oil change only labor charges are free .
other wise they should reduce the labor charges .
labor charges are little bit high nothing more than that .
i think etios is a small car the labor charges is very high .
labor charges is equal to the oil price for service .
if i am paying 1200 for oil for my vehicle in the periodic service , i have to pay 1200rs for labor charges also .
i think labor charges there more , it should be less , car maintaining charges should be decreased the company , one year customer taken the servicing to the car 10 , 000 km , should be discount the charges of bill
my friends have other companies car like maruti hyundai there servicing charges are less you labor charges product charges are very high .
when you are taken the last services charges , that should be decreased also labor charges should be decreased .
last service payment charges are very high it they reduce labor charge then its good for us .
labor charges should be reduce .
they should not take labor charges not charge for every parts .
labor charges should be reduce .
labor chargers are very high car parts chargers should be reduced .
the labor charges that dealership takes is too high .
they should need to improve in charge more they take extra charge for labor cost .
the labor charge which they have , if it will be reduces then it would be better .
means they were including labor charge also in the price of spare parts that is not correct .
fitting charge and labor charge was too high .
labor charges are high and product price .
also high if we want to pay nossel and plates for this small small thing they take huge labor charges .
labor charges price of product in it weight plus labor .
servicing and labor charges should be less , they are taken charges per parts rs .
labor charges should be reduce .
labor charge is a very highly should be less
they should be reduce labor charges they take more charge for labor compare to the parts of the car
labor cost should be there toyota smile pack should not be stop .
they need to reduce the labor charges other charges also .
if you we failed to return the car on delivery time pick up on the next day then they charge labor charges for that day also .
benefits must be get on labor charge .
so charges will be high and also labor charge are high .
labor cost is more .
service charges are very high , they need to reduce the labor charges also .
the charges are not reasonable they should reduce the labor charges it is really excess charges which they take , which they should not take as all the charges depends upon the work and issue .
labor charges should be reduce .
charges also very high company parts charges , labor charges also very costly .
they should charges little high labor charges and after servicing .
they should be reduce their labor charges also after service cost compared to other service centers like hyundai , suzuki etc .
labor charges is very much .
but they take extra charges for labor , they should be reduce labor charges .
at my last service , spare parts and labor charge , they will take more , it should be less .
the parts are very expensive above that they apply labor cost and 15 service cast and additional tare cost for 80 k servicing they replace the parts for that they to gave the total bell rs 28000 in that the parts change may be19 20 .
they should not take the extra labor chargers .
labor charge is more they should be reduce it .
labor charges is very high .
they should reduce car parts charges and labor charges .
service center people do n't take the labor charge in free service
more charges are taken , like laboring charges also .
location is good , but all mechanical parts are not available sometimes and labor cost is very high it should reduce .
in service charge , labor charges are very costly , if they reduce that it will be better
charges are more it should be reduce labor charges should remove .
oil services , labor charges also how much took for each services .
car parts charges should be reduce labor charges are also more it should be also reduce .
on service charge they charged very high for labor charge .
if they reduce labor charge it will be good .
labor charges are very high .
spare parts and labor charges is more , it should be less .
if the car is under warranty period then they should not charge the labor charges , it is ok if they charge for the parts required but labor charges or man power charges should be not be charges .
labor charges are more they should reduce it .
labor charges should be reduce .
as we compare to market here the dealership labor charges is more .
so they should not charge labor charge .
then also they take 400 rs labor charge so it should improve .
they are taking more charges if we servicing in locate service center there taking more labor charges labor charges should be free .
labor charges should be slightly reasonable .
and also labor charges should be taken less .
labor charges should be reduce because they charge were much .
labor charges should be less .
labor charges are more they take different different charges
labor charge are very high parts are 2400 but the labor charge also taken 2400 then the labor charge should be reduce .
it should be not happen and they should be reduce little bit labor charges .
if we get some parts from outside and then they done the work its takes less labor charges as compare to market rates .
they are taking too much charges also labor charges .
charge are more , they should be reduce the labor charges
labor charges are more it should be reduce
service charge and labor charge they taken more it should be charged less .
they take more labor charge they should be take little bit charges which reasonable for customers
6000 labor charges tat charges are more in 2010 they charge rs .
they are taking labor charges vat charges .
labor charges , parts charges should be reasonable at toyota because it manufacturing in india only .
they are taking labor charges without any reason .
they take rs14000 charges , their labor charge are more it should give sent full details in message
outside they labor charge 2000 or 1500 .
labor charges should be reduce .
labor charge should be reduce .
they should take less labor charges from the old regular customers .
labor charges are more if harsh dealership reduces the labor change it will be good .
labor charge should be reduce
which the labor rates are their it should be reduce .
in service center which has labor charges , it should be reduce .
service charges like labor charges they are taken more , it should be less .
labor charges are more so company should think about it what they can do for it .
labor charges spare parts should be reduce .
they should be reduce their labor charges .
they should reduce labor charges .
they should reduce labor charges .
labor charges are more it should be reduce 15
labor charges are high they should reduce it .
labors and diesel charges they taken more .
they were charged high labor charges .
last time they charged me for labor charges only rs .
they were charge more than the spare parts charges for the labor charges .
they are taken labors charges is more , it should be less
they are taken all charges are very high , like labor charges , synthetic charges , oil service it should be less .
service charge is more especially labor charge is more .
compared to other companies labor charge is more .
they are taken charges is very high , like service charge and labor charges it should be less
we take 2000rs insurance , that time they told me only 200 rs take after that a knot has to pay , but when we go there they will be take 8000 for labor payment , other other thing then we call the senior there and he told me don  t pay the money so it should be not happen
we can  t bargain have standard charges and also labor charges .
but for material have standard charges and also labor charges .
but for labor charges and service advice most of the do only was the car and check the car , you can take .
labor charges should be reduce .
labor charge spare parts charges are very highly , it should be reduced then it is better for us .
service charges and labors charges they are more taken , hence it should be less
they taken labors charges is more , so , it should be less .
they had taken 50 labors charges and 50 part charges .
whenever car stopped on road we go to dealership for spear party so they take labor charges also .
which they charges takes on labor oil it should be decrease .
labor cost is more
jmk toyota people take huge labor charge they take rs1600 for labor charges .
they are taking more labor charges .
if labor taking rs .
service charge labor charge is very high it should be reduce .
labor service charge should be reduced .
they should minimize the labor charges which they take .
they are taking more labor charges .
they should reduce labor changes they should take charges as per reality .
labor charges are more it should be less .
in company for labor charges should be improve .
labor charge should be reduce .
they took lot of charges , parts charge labor charges also 5000 , but before that toyota innova they charges parts labor 7000 , so laboured changes should be less .
in dealership labor charges are high , an outside for which work they taken 200 sr .
their labor charges are very high .
they were adding their labor charges in normal servicing charges .
if we make any servicing from other servicing centre or outer side the toyota service centre they or not add labor charges in routine service charges .
labor charge is more and it should be reduced .
labor charges parts cost is more .
if any part is not available then they should reduce labor charges .
they also charges labor charges .
the labor rate needs to be low .
service charges and labor charges it should be reduce .
labor charges are high while for replacement of car tire they should rotate the tire for 200 for small things they should not charge .
all parts rates , service charges labor charges are more .
they have to reduce the labor charges they are keep on increase the charges
labor charges should be less .
they should fixed labor charges .
labor charges and spare parts charges was high it should be reduce , so it  s good for us .
for general service they should not take labor charges .
labor charges should be less .
labor charges should be low .
labor charges should be reduce because of charges was high customer done the servicing an outside .
and extra 2 , 000 laboring charges .
their labor charges is very high .
they are taking more charges so , they have to reduce the labor charges
they taken more labor charges hence it should be less .
the labors charges are high .
they are taking more labor charges
as labor charge which is more must reduce the charges .
for break pad also they take labor charges like 1200 1500 .
but it other company they do not take labor charges they should be very kind to the customer .
charges in toyota is more especially labor charges .
50 of labor charges should be reduced .
the labor charges in service center is too high .
their labor charges are also high .
labor charges are high it should be improved .
there should be changes in labor charges and should be low .
oil charges parts charges is 4500 rs but the labor charges is 5000 rs .
they should decrease the labor charges .
they should decrease the labor charges .
labor charges should be less .
labor charges are high as compared to washing charges .
labor charges are high outside the charges are 500but in service center it is 2100 this is the difference it should be reduced .
spare parts , oil charges labor charges also very high in lanson dealership pondicherry .
labor charges are high , it should reduce .
labor charges should be reduced .
labor charges etc .
maintenance cost , labor charges are very high .
for every single part they charge labor charges .
if a single man is working on vehicle then the labor charges should be low .
labor charges are high and even the cost of parts are very high .
for small small work they engage the people or labor and then they says we have done some extra work , which should not happen .
should apply resonale labor charges .
for this it would be good if the reduce the rates of spare part labor charges .
they should decrease the charges of labor and spare parts .
after free charges they apply labor charges also .
labor charges are too high in terms of oil and ac servicing .
they should decrease the labor charges .
its better if they reduce their labor charges in next service .
labor charges are little bit high .
yesterday i did servicing of my etios car , i seen that they had charged rs 1900 and it was labor charges .
1900 is valid for the labor charges .
if labor doing work whole day but vehicle delivering within 1 or 2 hours .
only labor charges should reduce .
to correct the charges they can reduce the mobil charges and they can reduce the labor charges also .
parts charges could not be reduce but labor charges can be reduce .
all the labors are of top class .
like the labor charges and charges of parts should be reduce .
servicing charges labor charges is very high that should be reduced .
the labor charges are high according to me and should be reduced a little bit .
they should decrease the labor charges .
they have taking more labor charges .
they should do changes in labor charges .
they should keep labor charges in the offers like it should free of cost .
company is providing labor and they are companies .
so they should reduce labor charges or they should stop it .
they should give discount on labor maintainance charges .
they should reduce bill and labor charges little .
labor charges and spare parts charges need to be reduced and also it should be fixed .
they are taking labor chargers for every servicing
they have to reduce the service charges and labor charges .
labor charges as well too high need to reduce the same .
service charges are ok but labor charges should be reduce 20 .
the labor charges should be reduce .
the labor charges are high about the part charges .
hence labor charges should be reduce .
all parts of the car repaired and they put other labor charges .
they should not take labor charge for small small work .
here labor charges are more then outside .
labor charges are more .
labor charges should be less .
labor charge should be reduce .
labor charges should be reduce .
labor charges should be reduce , they should not take labor charges for everything .
labor charge should be reduce .
they are taken service charge 5000 to 6000 while i see the bill them they one taken more labor charges also , but they do not taken more labor charges .
labor charges are fine but the spare parts charges are high .
labor charges of toyota are high .
they should reduce the labor charges the other car can also come for servicing over here .
in toyota charges should be reasonable labor charges are more so it should be reasonable .
they should reduce labor charges .
labor charges are more .
100 then the labor are rs .
for separate part and their is also a labor charge on .
labor charges and metal charges was more and all customer not know about the metal charges .
they should reduce labor charges .
for oil change and filter change they take service charge and they charge labor charge separately .
they take separate labor charge for break change and door change .
they should not take separate labor charge .
they take more labor charges .
my first servicing was free but at the time of second servicing they take oil charges , labor charges servicing charges from me .
labor charges are more at chowdhury .
for radiator change they charged labor charge rs 800 .
they should give so go discount to a regular customer and also they should fixed smile pack for one year in smile pack should be have labor charge .
they should give payment as per there capability like as per experience labor they should give perfect payment .
labor charges are more .
they are taking more labor service charges .
they are taking more money compare to outside as labor charges .
to change the car door they charge labor charge was rs 2000 .
labor charge should be reduce .
they should charge limited amount for labor charge it is 40 to 60 high charges as compared to toyota .
if the service charges we reduce that time increase the labor charges .
spare and labor charges should be reduced 5 to 10 should be less .
spare parts charges was more , and labor charges is ok
