there are less then branches available at this area so increase the dealership branches in madurai to ramanathapuram city .
same thing is available in market in 50 less amount compared to your accessories .
4000 they they took with us 8000rs which should be less .
the dealership less to improve the service charges themselves
many cars go to get service in private service centers less vehicles come in company service centers .
instead they should arrange this facility in the dealership itself so that the charged would be less .
they should charge less to the regular customers .
how should i say in this they should do less do n't know about their interest .
10 should be off some amount should be less .
interior service should be done less .
it should be little low .
the tyres which i got it was very low quality and i have paid around rs .
every one works for profit but the percentage should be less .
if it is unsafe then the trust on the brand reduces .
coast of spare part should be less should be reasonable .
if we have purchased something from the company like car costing rs24lakhs from toyota than for servicing they should charge less amount like 80rs etc .
car servicing time taken should be less .
if car is small then they have to charge less
it should be less .
it should be less .
it should be less , it will be better .
it should be less .
so it  s limitation should be less .
an this unleveled road the car is getting some less height or down front lack is touching down .
attest should be 20 less .
tax should be less .
if the reduces tax amount it will be good for the customer
outside service center they charged less amount as compared to toyota they charged 40 to 30 percentage extra amount work also not done .
it should be less it will be good .
they must be low .
they should be a little less .
it should be less it will be good for us .
it should be less .
it should be less .
it should be less .
if we do servicing from outside it will be less for us .
so , it should be less
there are less of policies like smile so they should closed it .
waiting time should be low which time they given if i visit after 9 30 am we have to wait 30 minits .
it should be low .
the tax needs to be low .
it should be low .
5000 6000rs they charge it should be low .
for outside customer if they give 25 less then it will be good .
if 1000 500 is less then it is fine .
they should charge low and even they should give discounts to their regular customers .
if expenses will be less then customer would be satisfied .
as a customer i would be really happy if the car parts are a little less expensive .
they said that they would charge less but that 's not how it should be .
toyota all car have above in 7lakh range so it should also have in less range .
they should charge less , infact they shouldn 've charged at all as my car is n't even 1 year old and still is in the warranty period .
