they should clean stains which are on the mats and seat .
they should clean the spots etc .
last time when i went there for servicing that time there were some stains on my needle and they charged me rs .
first they must do the cleaning of the stains which occur duing servicing and later they must another cleaning and all
we have to tell them as here is the stain there is the stain clean it .
the stains do not get completely clean .
they should clean the spots on near the tires .
after servicing they touch seats and grease stain was as it is on seats of my car so it should be clean well .
stain on sides and dashboard should be clean properly .
even after cleaning inside car under the sear rubber area was having so much stain .
if black spot has in seat they should be clean it .
after servicing my car had remaining soil , some parts of my car has not cleaning properly , my car has remained spot of soil , they should be see the car after servicing it is cleaned or not .
while cleanness of car they are damage my car completely in black color stain are occurred in my car so when go there second time they should be solve it this problem and take care about it same things not repeat again not only for me but also another customer to .
where cleaning want to done and also while cleaning they not cover the sheel , that 's why in sheel stain are occurs .
while servicing time mark and stain , sticker should be not remaining they should be doing clean properly .
while servicing them should use body cover they should be properly cover the car because the greens , oil stain not remain on other parts of car .
after servicing at door side the car reaming dark spot that is why it should be properly cleaned
they are not properly clean our car , after servicing our car dark spot reaming our car .
they don t even do proper service on spots because this is free service .
cleaning should be done properly and there should not be any stains .
they do n't pay attention at the car 's cleanliness and small spots on the car are always visible .
he was not cleaning but just sawed and said sir some of the stain remains the same .
where is soil have in car which was remained like that it was not clean it in car had stain which was also clean it much batter then we clean our car an outside they clean much batter compare to service center people .
their was a mud stain on my car .
while car cleaning the oil stain remains the same and it should be improved .
full rush stain was on my car .
because the mechanic sits on the car with the hand full of oil and greece and same things are touched here and there in the car the black stain are visible in the car .
cleaning needs to be maintained when the mechanic sits on the car so he should be very crane that the stain should be there here .
