they should be improve the quality of work charges should be reduce .
hey charge 1500 rupees for washing but still washing is not proper .
we pay 1500 rupees still they did not clean my car properly .
some charges are comparatively much higher .
i had pay 1250 rupees for the dry cleaning but they had clean vehicle such way we clean it our house .
when clean vehicle from other place they clean properly and they charged 700 800 rupees after dry cleaning they called me and ask if you have any problem then you can tell us .
but while taking the car back we should feel happy by the services received because they will not leave the car without taking money for the service provided so we should be 100 happy with the services .
they should clean the car as they are taking money , they should clean the properly and clean the mats also .
normally the charge of wash is rs 500 .
they should reduce the rate and should clean properly .
take service charge separately i think they it should be included .
we have to paid extra money to them then only they done cleaning properly .
should not give this much charges .
if we said will give extra money so they came immediately .
employees are getting charges again and again so new staff don t take care of cleanliness of vehicle .
roadside mechanic to change my tyre but unfortunately after changing my tyre he didn t fix the wheel properly and the result was after moving 5 6 km the tyre came out from my wheel gauge then i had to call up each and every service people who never provide any help to me for assisting me for helping out to coming out of the situation as i ad to do it myself as i had called the toyota dealer and near by all chennai on road service people and i called my service center trivandrum nobody helped me out coming out of situation as that was the worst thing for me and my wife and my children has to stand on the road for around 5 6 hours as they know how to sale the vehicle properly and they know how to take the money while providing service .
as they charge very huge amount while servicing as i have to pay for every servicing as they don t provide any free charges for any part of the time .
they should not take extra charges .
we need to give money to the staff ask them to wipe the car clean which is wrong .
they just take money and do cheating with us .
they said bring your car next time we will solve this in free of cost in next visit .
charges for the same are high .
after washing they don t clean the car properly , they don t polish the car comparing from outside the charges are high in the toyota kirloskar because of which the customers also face problem we think it is better to give car servicing in outside instead of showroom .
washing rates are too high that should be reduced .
they are take charge for washing service but they are not properly clean the car so that service should be improved .
when you come for servicing and pay 10000 rupees for servicing then they must pay special attention .
amount charges related i have not much issue , post servicing the car and when we come to home the car seems not cleaned properly i .
i mean that the water wash service is free of cost hence i think that they are not servicing this water service properly other than that the service are good only .
they are taking charges of car delivery but other companies are not taking charges for it , they should clean the mirrors properly .
in rating season we are not able to drive the cars , the glass of cars are full of muel drive rainy season , the staff not giving proper response it they give proper response then it will better for us .
we are unable to wash our car , for money they are doing very well but we are also paid 500 for car washing .
if they are taking money from us then at list they should provide good service .
they have to inform me how many things they had fixed in car and your toyota workers are telling there is no other company who is putting things in car and taking the money .
what i tell them also they should not take more charges .
they should paint the car instead of that they take extra money for small small things they take huge charges .
how much money they are charged for that they do person cleaning
for this they take a extra charges and also they take extra charges for painting .
some charges are very high front very per is of rs .
they should be properly cleaning of our car service charges should be taken before also it should be less .
they are taken service charges rs 5000 but work not properly done by the customers .
if they are getting charges , then they should be work properly .
they are mainly concentrate on major problems for money sake
if they are taking money than they should clean it properly .
before delivering the vehicle in charge person should check the vehicle servicing is done correctly or not
we pay the charges so they done the work in same manners .
we are paying charges so cleaning washing should be done properly .
but they said that you need to pay separate charges for that this is not our job .
only they clean with water but they do not clean with cloth when they do polishing charges should be low .
so that they are not washing car from contract or they should increase the rate of contract .
charges were very high if they reduce the charges then it would be better .
after servicing our car then they are not washed properly we are given other charges for washing , if they are not properly washed our car then dust remains it and comes it insects .
inspite of paying full money , the work was not properly done .
there should be rating scale option in service center to mark 10 points if services are good .
they expect you to give a good rating .
people at toyota who are in charge for washing they don t check vehicle that car is clean of not after washing .
if they want to take money like 15 , 00 1600 like for washing should wash properly .
toyota brand is taking 1000 rupees but they should at least clean it as that level .
hence , i went again and given the car servicing and also for that i had to pay the charge again .
they are charging money for it but still they do n't clean the car properly and leave dirty car at my house .
technician do their work but in charge should take final step .
reason behind my sadness is they took normal cd from my sound system after that i was having some important thing in my car they also took that and took some changes rupees from the car .
the charges are fixing as per your service .
they should clean a car before we told them advisor should take care about customers have no complaints they should not doing one mistakes again and again then they said sorry that s why they should consent rate in cleaning .
the 1st service was free of cost but they don t complete all the work at the time of service .
they should do free of cost servicing on periodic service time .
