service center should be open on sunday .
customer dealing should be improve .
improvement requires on dealership opening closing days and time . as there are many people those who do the service , they only get time for doing servicing on holiday only . so for them , if the car is delivered on holidays then it would be better . sunday for two hours is enough . 10a . m . 12 p . m .
no improvement require
if delay occurs in reaching service center as per the appointment time they should accept the car .
service center should be open on sunday also
if dealership was open in sunday that is very helpful for the customer so they should open in dealership in sunday also .
they should open dealership on sunday before that is weekend and people get time to service their vehicle .
on sundays the dealership is not open thus on those days they should appoint some another staff to keep open the dealership . the dealership location is too far from my house hence it would be good that the dealership should provide a pickup and drop facility services to its customers . they do provide servicing to high profile customers at their house whereas toyota need to give similar and service to all the customers . after completing car service , the dealership staff should call the customer to back check whether the service was done correctly or not , also the dealership should give more more offers while servicing the car because by doing this the dealership names will reach more towards public .
no issues with the dealership working time but they have less staffs at the dealership hence , increase the dealership staffs in city places i . e . main areas . it may happen that if the staffs increases , services will fastened .
the location of dealership is far from us so i have to give them full day so they should do something for it .
they should open the service center on sundays also
they should have a person who can handover the vehicle after closing time of service center .
service center should be open on sunday also .
they should open the service center on sundays also , if servicing is not possible on sunday so they should at least take the bookings for servicing .
on sunday \? s it should be working due to which waiting load will be reduced
till night 8 o'clock service center should be open . in the morning by 6 30am time is to take car inside which should increase .
it should be opened on holidays for emergency purpose .
on working days , the service center should be opened till 7 . 30pm . on holidays it should be opened till 12 1pm . service center should attend the phone calls all time .
there was rush for car servicing so they should open service center in early hour .
if the office remains open from 9 12 at morning , then it will be convenient for me .
on sunday they stop their work after 6pm so it should be extended till 9pm .
dealership should be working for 12 hours till late evening so service will be better . now days if we take our vehicle after 4 00 pm or 5 00 pm then next day our turn will come for servicing . even if we have any minor work they start service of car on next day . if service will be for 12 hours then this issue will be solved
in toyota showroom service charges and labor charges is very high . recently they increased the charges rate but 4 to 5 months back labor charges were low . now the charges of labor are very high .
if it also open in sunday for at least for half of a day then it would be better .
sunday also dealership center should be opened
service center should be open till 7 pm .
no improvement require
suppose if i give my car to the service center on this thursday and if they asked me to come on next saturday then it would be better for me . as i have my leave on thursday so it would be good for me if they ask me to visit on thursday there .
service should be open on sunday because customer can send their drivers for servicing .
if a customer gives car for servicing then they should do service properly and extend the dealership evening closing time after 6pm .
no improvement require
earlier , they us to keep open on sundays but now it is closed . atleast they must keep open for half day . rest all is fine .
they should open the service center on their committed time , as customer take the appointment for 8 30 am and when customer reach there at 8 30 so what customer see that the staff is coming and a staff member attend the customer at 9 30 am , the customer thinks that they can go office after servicing but they ca n't go .
dealership should also open in public holidays and sunday .
they should take the car for repairing before the opening timing of the service center .
10 am the service center gets opened and we have to go to office by 9 am , so we must go to office or get the car there . i am unable to understand this . service center should open by 9 am .
after our office hours , they should open center . it should be till 6 . 30 pm . they should increase by 1 hours .
service center should be open on saturday . also it should be open 24 hours .
they open by 10 am in the morning instead they should open by 9 am and close by 7pm .
it should be open on sundays .
dealership should be open early in the morning .
they have to open service center before 1 hour from the present timings
they must give 24 hours service . they work for public and not for self . they must give service 24 hours for 365 days .
service center should be open on sunday .
it would be better if the opening time of the service center should be early by 7 am or 8 am because if we call them for servicing them we get it only after 10 am .
they should open dealership on sundays
they should open there service center on time . also service center should be open extra hour .
the closing time of dealership should increase after 7 00pm
podder toyota is closed on sundays , whereas kolkata toyota is opened on sundays . so if they can open it on sundays then it \? ll be helpful to me i can give more time for my car . at least if it \? s opened on 1 sunday at 1st half then i can hand over the car on sunday receive it on monday other day .
they have to delivery the vehicle in time after servicing . they have to maintain time regarding the delivering of the vehicle .
no improvement requires because anytime we have to call the service center they are given good response and in holidays times if we have required car they are sending the brake up down car that also good services . in toyota they are giving good response .
the services regarding the time is ok but they charge 1000 more for the tire compared to other company .
sunday should be working for toyota or full day in fact they should have shifts so that it would be open on all the days time . they have collected a name by selling many vehicles . they open showrooms for sales but they service center is not being open according to their sales .
staff should be corporative and staff should take lunch in different stitch they should customer not wait long time . . . . . . . . . . . . .
in the morning they open by 10am it should be opened before that . in the evening they should closed by 7pm .
suppose they can open the dealer point at 8 a . m . instead of 9 a . m . and closing at 7p . m . instead of 6p . m . regarding the
sunday must be opened . morning they should open little early like 8 am . also at night they must be opened till 8 or 9 pm
dealership opens late and worker leaving after 5 . 00 pm . dealership should be open 9 . 00pm to 6 . 00 pm .
dealership should be open on sunday it was very helpful for the customer . staff batch time should change in weekly they should work on sunday . staff should quickly attend the servicing car and all details told to the customer how much take servicing time .
in a week instead of sunday if they close on any other day then it would be better .
opening and closing time it would be better if the opening and closing time of service center will be extending like from 9 . 00 am to 8 . 00 pm . daily .
it should be opened from 7 in the morning to 7 in the evening .
for giving the servicing of car they are take very long time for processing so that time should be reduced .
in the night by 7 or 8 they should closed service center .
people go after office hours i . e . after 5 pm but their staff leave by 6 6 . 30 pm . so in morning they should have 2 staffs and at night they should be there till 8 pm
if the service center would be open for all time and all day then it would be better . so i suggest shifting duty for that
dealership should be open till 10 pm . and if the service center would be locate at titagarh then it will be better ,
service center should be open on sunday . because we have take leave for service .
it is closed on sunday due to this we face lots of problem . we are free on sunday only . they should open on sunday as well and their timing should be morning 8 am to evening 8 pm for all 7 days .
showroom should remains open every day in a week apart from sunday .
they have to maintain proper delivery timings .
if they can open the service center on sunday so it will be better .
in vellore they take meeting 2 times so whenever we go to drop the vehicle for servicing the are in the meeting so this is inconvenient for us . they can change the time of their meeting . this should be improved .
yes . they have to reduce the processing time . for delivering the vehicle
it would be better if service center will open at sunday . because this day free for us .
1 . they have to open the service at 8 30am instead of 9 00am i will help toemployeis
i saw that other automobile industries are open on sundays also so they should also open the service center on sundays , as in himachal , sunday is convenient for salaried class peoples .
it is closed on sundays . suppose if my car has got stuck somewhere they do not even pick up the phone . suppose if my car broke down on the way and if i call them they should solve it irrespective it is sunday or no . we must get the benefits . we must get solution to our problems . for that they must keep people so that they can help us .
dealership should open sunday \? s as well .
service center should open on all days .
they should wait till 8 pm . and saturday they are closed . nothing else .
service center is closed on saturday . if some staff available on saturday , sunday and monday then 7 day will working , because 2nd 4th saturday we having holidays it \? s better for us if saturday working .
in the morning dealership should open by 8am and by 5pm it should be closed .
dealership should be open in morning at 7 . 00am .
should be opened service center on sunday also . then self can visit to the service center for servicing in other days it is not possible .
they should open the service center on holidays also .
they should open the service center on sundays also .
they should keep their center open everyday that means also on sunday from 8 . 00 am to 6 . 00pm .
sunday also it should be work .
working hours of amana toyota dealership should be 24 7 .
they should open service center on sundays also if they can sell the car on sunday so they should open service center on sunday also .
service center should open on all seven days .
1 . they should deliver the vehicle fastly
in sunday it is closed should opened in sunday also .
they have to given preference to the customer who visits the service center first and they not following the appointment systems
it is closed there on wednesday . closed means they have boys sitting there as per day wise . like if last time i took a service from some one and he did good service and i was satisfied then next time also i must get the service from the same person . but this is not fix that i would get the same person next time also . their days are divided . some one have monday , some one will have sunday and some one will have some other day . i feel little bit that they must fix these days so that next sunday when we go there we get the same person at that time
it will be good if the opening time of the dealership would be at 8 . 00am instead of 9 . 00 am . because by 9 . 00 am everybody gets busy like for school or office or in other some work . if it is easy for the local public to give the vehicle by 8 . 00 go to their work .
service center should open on sundays also .
service center should open on sundays also .
dealership open and closing time should be extended and also the place should be spacious .
the opening and closing time of the dealer point . on sundays if it remains open from 8 00am to 2 . 00pm it would be better .
service centre should
they should open service center on sunday also
may be there workshop get closed by 6 . 30 pm so they should increase the time by 7 8 pm
if suppose the person came from long distance and he did not take appointment and if he reached there before 10 am so they should take his car for servicing . if you want to do servicing of your car tomorrow then prior one day you have take an appointment . if suppose we staying in gorakhpur and if we went to banaras for some work purpose and you reached their service center before 10 am so they should attend you . due to not taken an appointment they send return .
working time need to increase .
respondent not answered how to improve it .
dealership should be open on sundays because working people only get time for service . that is ok if they take off for any week day but on saturday sundays maximum customers come for service so sundays should be working at dealership .
dealership closing timing should be increased .
service center also should be open in sunday . after 4pm they not take car whatever has little work in the car .
they should open service center sunday . if we gave vehicle for servicing then they provide the same in sunday also . they should applied 10 . 00 am to 7 . 00 pm timing of service center .
service center should open on sundays also .
these guys do not entertain vehicles after 11 or 12 . they should accept the cars even at 2 or 3 pm .
dealership should be open in sunday also .
dealership timing should be improved
the opening closing days in not proper and as for repair servicing the vehicle . coming from villages . taken lot of time to servicing the vehicle . they have to working in 2 shifts . they have to provide the service center in vijayawada do so that the vehicle servicing is early
center should be open at 9 am and close by 7 pm .
it should be start in shift duty .
on sunday service center should be open for at least 2 3 hours
it should be open on sunday also so it will be more convenient for me .
service center should be open at 8 am because whenever i have to do servicing i go office late as dealer open late .
dealership should be change it their working time .
they should be keep closed on sunday . otherwise they should send someone to look after them .
dealership should openy by 9 15am . atleast 1 2 staff should be available to attend the customer . servicing center time should be 9 15am instead of 9 30am .
it would be fine if it remains open on sunday for half day atleast . because that will be easy for the people who go for job .
the dealership center is closed on saturday sunday . so instead if they would be working on the weekends it would be more comfortable for the customers . we need not to take leave for bringing the car for servicing .
they need to remain open on all saturdays sundays take weekly off . all the dealership , not only toyota , everybody should keep their shops open on friday night , saturday sunday . they should take off monday tuesday .
on sunday they should open it in morning time and should open it extra one hour in evening time .
dealership opening days time should be increase .
when they open the service center they get busy in their work . service do not get open in his time should open in time .
they have to increase the opining closing timings of the service center .
instead of tuesday they should close on sunday .
they should open the service center on sundays also .
they should have only one service advisor who is taking appointments , they should have proper appointment system
servicing timings should be increase and also staff . my vehicle in under repair condition . i had called to the service center that they said that com tomorrow for servicing . but they should then to receive the call not for pending them . take the immediately call from the servicing pending
dealership should keep open till 10pm .
no improvement require all are fine
summers are nearing so if its 9 then it will be good for us . like now it is 9 . 30 timing
dealership opening closing time should 24 hour or time should be increase at evening till 10 . 00 pm or 11 . 00 pm
time consuming should be improved .
dealership closing time is 6 . 00 pm so dealership should be open till 7 . 00 pm
dealership timing should increased
dealership should remain open till 8 . 30 pm
they have to open the service centers in holidays and weekends also .
the timing of service center should be from 9 am to 6 . 30 pm .
no improvement require all are fine
we are not aware with their timing as when they opened or when they closed . and when it is closed we do n't know . should aware with the opening and closing time .
even on sunday the workshop should be open for any emergency . the workshop should be open 24 hours because we may face issue with break pad or any technical problem .
it would be good if it will open at 7 am and the closing time would be 7 . 30 pm . there should be more space available for washing service .
should open on sunday as well . having issue with the opening and closing time . should open on sunday only . if they fix the time as 9 6 for sunday then i do n't have any problem only thing is that it should available on sunday also . i do n't have problem with other days .
there is problem with opening days and time . like earlier they use to open on sundays also , those who are working were getting the servicing done on sunday . but now it is on road side so sunday they are closed . sunday they should be open take holiday on some other day
on sunday 's the s showroom should be open
should be open on sunday and should be closed in week days . because other office people will do their servicing on sunday .
dealership should be open in sunday also so it is very help for the customer .
they should wait for the customer till late in evening . if they wait after 6 . 20 then it will be good for us . they have to give some type of attention for the late customers .
the current timing of the showroom is from 8 am to 6pm they should change the timing keep it as 8am to 8pm so they can extend 2hour which will be better to cop up with more vehicles . only in trichur cochin they are providing better facility so the people like to visit there . booking facility can be better timing should be extended otherwise they can keep shifts like 6am to 2pm from 2pm to 10pm , s that they can take more vehicles good options for service .
the opening time of time dealership should be form morning 8 . 00 am .
holidays time they should inform to customer .
there closing time at 6 pm in evening so they should be increase the time at 7 . 30 pm so it would be easy to those people who are going to office .
dealership time should be extended . opening time is ok but closing time should be extend for 1 hour .
working hours should be more
if service center will be open on thursday also then it would be better because my own shop remains close on every thursday . at jaysree asansol , the spare parts are not available , if these will be available , then it would be better .
they should open in sunday also
if 24 hrs . customers get service then it would be better .
dealer ship should be open till 8 o'clock . but the service center are open till 5o'clock only . \( d \) no .
dealership should be open to sunday , because i have timing only sunday
they have to give to more preference to the non local customers .
in evening they are working in some other car . but they are telling to come tommorow . there closing time is till 5o'clock . after that they stop the work . then they till us that they will do it tommorow . they should wait 1 to 2 hours complete there work .
the service center should be open soon i . e . . 8 . 30 am till 9 . 30 pm , and also till late night .
lakozy toyota opening timing is 9 30am , but it should be change to 8 30am . there is a possibility of , atleast allowing people to put the vehicle for servicing 8 00 o'clock then they can go to the office after doing that , so instead of 9 30am and morning 8 00 to 8 30 . it should be open .
dealership closing time 7o clock but it should open till 9o clock .
instead of opening time of 9 9 . 30am , the opening time should be 8 or 8 . 30am as for dimapur location from kohima , its long distance taking long time . so its start may be lately or early . if opening time are 9 or 9 . 30 . so login time should be early like 8 or 8 30am .
no improvement require
i think sunday should open for service . if dealer will be open in sunday that is very good for me . in the morning time , 9am to 2pm , it will better .
if every day the dealership will be open from 9 . am to 6 pm , then it would be better .
dealership center should work on sunday it will be good for us .
service center should be start at 7 . 00am in the morning .
time should be change . it should be open on sunday also .
if it will be open in holidays also then it would be better .
if closing and opening time will be till 24 hours , it should be better to the customer .
dealership opens in morning at 7am and closed at 7pm . if they keep open it for one hour extra then it would be better .
we done the car service we leave the car our there but we pay the payment thought online for any reason we went back but service centre was closed at 5 pm . so gate keeper must be provide the my car after 5pm
time period should be increase on sunday .
dealership duty time should be 7 to 8 and closing time need to increase .
open on sunday from 8 30am to 5 30pm
their dealership opening time was near 9 . 00am to 10 . 00am instead that they should open their service center at 7 . 30 to 8 . 00 in morning they close at 6 . 00 to 6 . 30 in evening . instead of that they should close their service center at 7 . 00pm in evening . this time will really convenient for working people .
dealership closed at evening 6 pm it must be closed by 7 . 30 pm .
servicing center should be opened at till 6 pm , also it should be sunday open .
dealership service center should be open on sunday also because most of customer are free on sunday only .
dealership opening closing time should keep the opening till 8pm
management should look after an opening closing time of dealership . they should done pick drop on time .
service center should be open on sunday also
if we fail to come as per appointment for any reason then need to give appointment for next day .
they always delays to delivered while servicing . they need to appoint more staff for service . it will save customer time
infinium toyota service center is closed at 6 00pm in evening . they should be closed their service center at 7 30 or 8 00pm in evening . because all working customers were free after 6 00pm in the evening . if they closed 7 30 or 8 00pm in evening that time was really convenient for their customers for pickup the car after servicing . they also open their service center on sunday because only for servicing of car customer was took the leave from their job .
if dealership will keep open on sunday from 9am to 1pm , then it will be better .
on sunday also service center should be open .
they should increase the time from morning 8o'clock to evening 9 30 it should be open .
they should do improvement in opening closing time of dealership because business mans have sunday off . so they open dealership on sunday . so we can visit there for servicing .
i do n't have issues with the opening time but with the closing time , yes . once i put my car for servicing and all , if they are very stick to the time , then it becomes difficult because i stay near about 65 60km away from the dealership location . once i and come back , the opening and closing time if be flexible then it is good for us . we are a little bit beyond of the location . this should be a flexible for others . if they support 6 30pm , it is good . now is going to be a summer time , the day light obviously stays at 7'o clock . i do n't see any improvements out there . i'm related to the dealership since 2010 . i have told you that i have got an innova . so i do n't see any improvement . i should say all things need to be improved .
service center should be open on sunday also
they are delaying the working even though it is small repairs . speed of the service
as the dealership is located 50 km away from the city , they must provide communication facilities to the customer coming from 200 km far . they from city must provide pickup drop facilities to the customers .
timing should be proper last time call me at 9 . 30 office open at 10 . 00 after 10 minutes staff started to come to office .
must extend working hours of the service center . must open earlier and close later . than the timing now . must be opened between 8 00 am to 10 00 pm .
servicing center should be open . at least minimum 8hrs it should be open . it should open till at 8o'clock night . when can take car till 6o'clock . in 24 hours we should get the service .
on sunday dealership opened only till afternoon . if it should be till 7 pm then it will be good .
they closed their showroom at 6 00pm , so if they it as closing time at 7 00pm then it would be better for working customers .
they have to extend the timings of the service center
nippon toyota service center timing should be open at morning 7 00 am also close evening 7 00pm .
they have to extend the timings of the service center
we should now the opening closing timing of the service center .
if they open on sunday for 12 hrs . then it will be better . i can go for servicing then in my weekoff .
the opening time of dealership is perfect . but closing time is 5 5 . 30pm , if it will be extend for one hour more then it will be better . because its take a long time to go to the dealer from office , cannot reach within 5 pm .
servicing center should be open on sunday also one day they should open staff should be available over there .
they should open the service center sunday also they should extend the closing time upto 7 00pm in the evening
if it is sunday working so it would be sufficient it only sunday they should arrange any shitted worker then it would be better for all customers .
dealership should be open at 8o'clock they should take the car immediately . because for us dealership location is 15km far . for going to their we face problem that 's why dealership service center opening closing time should be change . it should be open from morning 8o'clock to evening 6 7o'clock .
dealership location should be open on sunday also
dealership should be open 7 days .
they should work from morning 8am to evening 6pm . they should work on sunday also .
they should do the extend time all things like they can take much time for lunch so they should open service at 2 00pm to 5 00pm also . the time of dealership opening closing is too much so it should be reduce because morning to evening all time is wasted for all these things .
if they will extend the servicing time for one hour more , it will be good . if they will keep open the service center for one hour extra then it will be better . the staffs of service center should be more . the work should be done properly in every car . they are doing late to do work . customers are not satisfied . if they will look up at this then it will be better .
dealership closing time must be extended . its closing time to 5 30 pm must be extended to 7 00 pm .
on sunday also dealership should be open .
the time of servicing should reduced , it take a long time when i come for servicing . staff is not as much as per car , staffs should be increased . the car is becomes more compare to staffs . they take 3 4 hours for servicing .
service center should be open on sunday for atleast 2 or 3 hours because for emergency we have to visit service center .
service center should be opened at 9 00 am and it gets close at 5 00 pm instead of that it should be closed by 6 00 pm .
car delivering time should be 1 hour earlier than delivery time in action now in the morning time .
service center should be open on sunday also
they should also open their service center on sunday it is good convents for all the working people .
when they closed service center . no one to attend there should be staff available after closing for emergency purpose because
they closed dealership on sunday but they should open dealership on sunday 6 . 00 they close it . so they should work in 2 shifts as i think .
service center should be open on sunday also staff should be there .
service center written that we are give 24 7 service but they closed on 6 . 00 . i thick you written like this you should give service 24 7 . if i call them for appointment they told us to call showroom , service center is closed now so then i call showroom .
after warranty period we nee some more days . after the dealership warranty the security should have the permission to give the car . maruti has got this service .
dealership should be open at morning 8 00am .
sunday should be open . it should be close on weekday .
sunday from 10 am to 2 pm should open . body work not done at jaysree asamsole if color touch up happened here it will be better .
shift will be good , like they should have timing of morning 8 00am to 1 00pm to 10 00pm for opening to closing time , then it would be better for one shift second shift . so they should their closing time unto 10 00pm
they should be increase working hour and also open the service centre earlier they should be has some time lot
service center also should be open in sunday . after 4pm they not take car whatever has little work in the car .
dealership should be improved in opening and closing time . closing time is ok but opening time has 10 30 to 11 00 that 's why i am getting late to going office . so it should be happen 9 30 in the morning .
they closed service center on weekend so they should open it on sunday also .
they give appointment only for specific vehicles on sunday . they should work full time on sunday . but they do n't work full time since full staff is not available on sundays . they should work on sundays . staff should be given one other weekly holiday on behalf of sunday .
they have to increase the evening service center timings .
dealership should be open 8 . 30 am at morning .
the closing time of dealership is at 6 . 00clock . but they should extend the time for 1hour it this lanson dealership should be extends unto 7 . 00clock it will be very good .
service center should be open at evening from 6pm .
they should open dealership on sunday also so customer feel good . they increase staff because if they work all day then they will frustrate so 1 day they need rest . we are government employees . so it will good for us .
they have to deliver the vehicle in time
must extend the opening and closing time of the dealership .
when service adviser on leave or dealership is closed that day you should not deliver the car .
service center closing time is up to 6 pm . they should extend the closing timing up to 7 30 pm 8 pm . and they should working sunday full time at also like normal days
more lunch break should be avoided at this service center . they should take half lunch break at 1 00pm to 2 pm or 12 30pm to 1 30pm to 2 30pm that would be better . remaining all the time they should full time open the service center
service center should be open on sunday because customer get time on sunday so it should be open 7 days .
service should be open on sunday they can close any other day on sunday all servicing center are closed . so if it is open then we can servicing our car .
servicing center time should be open till 10 to 8o'clock because their should be no problem . and there for any other problem we go their we can give our car for servicing .
which timing have dealership it should be little bit early open time should be 9 30 happen like we go there then 9 30an and give 6 clck4 5 pm because we getting late in a winter so they should be improve in delivery time imp customer of toyota from 2010 . before it 5 year their service are down not improvement inside worker are ok , but which are owner , which is bad .
at service center closing time increased till half an hour it will be good for u
they should be their closing time extend like 6 00pm or 6 30 pm so that so that will be convenient for all customers . there opening time is ok no problem .
harsha dealership should be opened on sundays . then it will be beneficial to us .
dealership location should be open at morning 8 00 or 8 30am .
at service center opening time 9 30am and closing time should be till 8 . pm . because of some time the customers are coming late
dealership should keep opening on sunday 1st hour to till 12 1pm
this service center close till 6 . 30 it should be happen 7 . 30 . if customer not reach there that time they should drop the car through driver .
service center open late . some people have to go to work . should be opened at 8 or 9 . should be opened at 9 .
their current location is near to my working place . they are open their service center at 8 30 am and staff were after 8 45 am after 8 45 am they were took the car for routine servicing . they should open their service center earlier and staff also available at 8 30 am . then we can easily contact them and drop our car for routine servicing . it will much better .
time to turn off the service center should increase a bit . it should extent till 6 to 6 30 then it delivery time increase then also they can attend .
there should be improvement in dealership timing day . sunday should open . they closed any other day accept sunday . i am service person so i did not get time .
dealership time should be from morning 8 . 30am to night 9 . 00pm .
toyota service center now they open at 9 30am . they should be open their service center at 8 00am it is more convenient .
dealership open on sunday also .
service center should be open on sunday also
dealership timing should be opened at 7 am . it is far for me at 5 km hence it should be opened at 7 am . i will be good .
if it is good if sharayu toyota will open the dealership on sunday also
bebbco toyota center should be opened before 10 00 am . this will good for the customers
am toyota service center should be opening morning 9 . am and closed it evening 7pm or till 7 . 30 pm
dealership is opened till 5 pm only it must extend till 6 or 6 30 . there is no bus facilities need to take auto . it is difficult to reach dealership hence they must extend time .
they should change opening and closing timing service center . they should in half and hour in opening and closing time . so they can service one more car in that time
must open on sundays . most people like to drop car on saturdays and sundays hence must open on sundays .
if service center will opens at night will be better
its normally your dealership its shutdowns by 5 0 \? clockm in the evening . so it should open early in the morning by8 30am normally they don \? t accept any vehicle before 10 00 clock in the morning so that \? s too late actually . they should have some arrangements where they can attest take vehicles for service by 8 30am or 9 00 am in the morning .
your service center opening closing hours are similar like my office hours sunday they are not working . so we have to take leave for servicing . so they should open service center early morning work till night or open on sunday . if they open early then we can visit early morning then we can go to office also at the time of returning home we can take car from them .
at dealership they are taken credit card till at 5 pm only , but them we are going again atm received by cash that time too much lasted , and then there should be more time receiving the credit card . dealership center should be increased .
it should be open in 9 30am also work should be start in 10 am . staffs are less it came any time they are not serious about the work . they came any time but work should be start in 10pm .
om toyota should be also open in sunday and they should be closed some another on day . so , it 's convenient for us another then timing is ok .
it should be opened at morning 9 am to evening 6 pm , also if it will open on sunday , it will ok .
no improvement require
service center should be opened sunday also
they have to increase the timings at evening hours
dealership should be open on sunday also like out of country .
in holyday period emergency team must be available otherwise holyday time at least two people available then it is better .
sunday should be half day working hour at dealership , because of we have to take leave from office for other days . hence sunday should be open it will help for the customer .
the dealership timing is good , if customers remaining work they are waited also , but their morning time all employees are should be coming at time . their some employees are coming at time but some are not , it should not like this .
last time service center opened morning 8 am to evening till 7 8 pm . but now there opening and closing time is general . hence it should be improved
harsh dealership service centers closing time should be at 8 pm because we are coming it the office time at dealership . hence , it should be opened till 8 pm it will good for the customer .
dealership is closed on saturdays sundays . they can take week off on weekdays . we are free on weekend only so it will be easy if opened on weekends . we can have car while too the office if serviced on weekends
sharayu toyota now they closed their service center at 6 . 00pm . if they close their service center at 7 . 00 to 7 . 30pm it will be good for their customers .
dealership self should be see what timing they want . in this topic , i ca n't say anything .
saturday sunday is closed , so they should be open at least till afternoon .
they should increase timing . they should work on holidays also . servicing center should be open at 8 only . sunday is weekly off but they should open on sunday also .
all offices had close on sunday they are also closed there dealership on sunday . they should open on sunday because it will easy for us to do servicing on sunday they should closed there dealership on any other day .
there opening time is 9 . 30am they called us on 9 . 30am but take our car on 11 at least they should take car on 10 .
they should be improve in dealership opening and closing in sunday you have less working hours
which time uttam toyota it is right for them . but some time they get late an evening time to deliver the car to the customer . if customer stuck in traffic he call to the service center tell to wait 5 minutes so uttam toyota should wait for the customer . they should give the time to the customer .
they work on sunday also
all over india sunday is closed but they should open on sunday . so it will good for government employee .
dealership should open on sunday also .
they have to increase the closing time unto 7 30pm .
opening closing time is good for us . but if it should open till evening at 8 pm . so it 's good for us also help for the staff in work . so it should be open at 8pm .
there should be improvement needed in the time and they of dealership closed and open you are working till friday only saturday sunday you did not take the car previously i was visit to uttam toyota i did not face any issue our there they always available on week days also but at spirit toyota if they take car on saturday then they did not give us till monday tuesday so i have to take leave for servicing the car .
it should be also open on sunday .
dealership location is 15 km far away and in remote area for minor problem also we have to go 17 18 km we have to spend 1hour because a swag rye was always there or road we have to wait 3 4 hours so i visit other garage for small smile problems i want to say only this that instead of going there i will go 20km .
service center should be opened at time and sunday also it opened half day .
service center should be open on sunday . and any other day opened on half day
no improvement require
i had taken my vehicle for servicing the staff said we would give the the appointment after 10 vehicles completion . 2 . if there is any delay in servicing or appointment they have to inform the customers politely . 3 . they have to provide new model vehicle . 4 . land closer vehicle should be available in all the service center 5 . they have to explain about the tires clarity to the customers
they should increase 1 hour more in opening and closing time .
timing should be from 9 00 am to 6 00pm there should be 1 hour lunch break .
they don \? t accept car for servicing after 4 00 pm even it is very minor problem . they tell to come on next day . so if some minor problem id there then they must accept . there is the person who should care about us .
it should be opened and closed on time . it should be open at 9 . 30 am and close at 6 pm .
if they open the service centre from morning to evening 8pm on sunday so it is good for us .
dealership should keep opening on sunday from 11am 4pm
if they give shifting duty and open dealership in earlier time so that i can give more time in my office . it will be good for me . from tuesday , thursday and saturday they open the dealership from 6am to 8pm then it will be better
sunday must be work full day like 24hrs , this is my personal advice , if people working in this kind so it is better for us .
time should be increase morning 9o'clock to evening 8o'clock it should be there .
delivery should be at till 8 o \? clock . they should increase closing time in evening .
they should open the dealership as per customer convenient too .
dealership location should be open on sunday also . it is far away and outside the city . if it is nearby it will be good .
dealership should keep opening on regular basis sunday for body repair as like servicing . if dealership keeps the opening on sunday then we can visit to there , because we are doing job . attendance time should be fast . customers reached the dealership within time but they have to wait 10 15mints which is needed to reduce
it is closed on sunday . and in evening it was closed at 5 . 00 . if there is an emergency at night time then there is no one response it .
lanson dealership must be opened on sundays
dealership closing is 5 o'clock if we went little late they wo n't get delivery . so the dealership timing must be increased by 2hours more than the timing now
dealership time should be at morning 9 am . they should receive our car at 9 am .
service centre from morning 6o'clock to evening 9o'clock it should be open . there time is 10 30 to 7pm . so i had to waste my office to go there .
which time had dealership so , they should opened at morning 8 am .
opening timing of service center is from 9 30 to 5 00pm but if the opening time will be 8am and closing time will be 9 30pm then it would be better
if dealership increases the opening and closing time then it would be better . if the opening time will be 8am and closing time will be 9pm then it would be better .
24hrs servicing should get and there is a requirement also . if they provide 24hrs servicing it will be profit for the company
the service center needs to be open even on sunday . they should open at 9 am at morning .
if the timings extended on saturdays sundays , then will be good for office workers . that is till 8 o'clock on both these days then will good for us .
it will be good if sunday also remains open like the normal working days .
if the opening will be 10pm and closing time will be 9pm then it would be better .
dealership should be open early . if workload is more so they should call to came early .
dealership opening closing time we are traveling from nagarcoil to dealership it takes time to reach . so , we are reaching so early , but they are opening at morning 9 am and closing at evening 6 pm . so this time should be increase by morning 7 . 30 or 8 . 00 and closing should be at 7pm . it they do this it will be good .
if they open the dealership on sunday and increase the timing then it would be better . if they increase the timing then it would be better . they should see that those who go for servicing their car they should not wait much time
sunday should be open any other day they should close dealership because on sunday people have holiday .
service timing should be from morning 8 30 to evening 6 00pm .
dealership should be open on holiday also . if it will open on sunday then we can do work on our work will be done .
dsk kolhapur should be open on sunday also .
dealership should be open more time .
dealership closing time is 5 . 30 to 6 . 00 clocks , they should be increase extra half an hour then it is better for us .
the staff should be available in the holidays
dealership should open on morning itself so that the job people should not have a problem
dealership should open on sunday also .
selling or servicing time should be same in working days monday to friday shop should be open till evening 7 30 pm
dealership opening closing day and time it should be open at morning 7 30am it will help the customers .
grand toyota showroom needs to be open on sunday also .
dealership should be open more time . it should be open till 8 pm .
if they opened the service center on sunday then it would be better .
service center should open on sunday also .
to make service i use to come from thutukudi to tirunelveli annamalai . this dealership was closed on sunday so in weekend i used to put holiday for 1 day then i go for make service . so it this dealership make pick and drop service or should open on sunday it will be good
vasan nashik closing timing was 6 . 30 it should be closed at 7 . 30 . the other services are good .
it would be good if they be open on sundays also because we get holiday only on saturday and sunday . then we will not have any problem to leave the car at dealership .
if in lunch time the staffs go one by one for lunch then there will be not much crowd in the service center .
they should increase the working timing of dealership , they should work till 8 pm instead of 6 pm
dealership should be open still 8 . 00 pm at evening also .
dealership should be open on sunday . even it should be closed on monday .
they should improve the opening and closing time if the opening time will be 8am and closing time will be 10 pm then it would be good .
they should open the service center early morning if all staff ca n't come early morning so at least some staff should come .
they should open the service center on sundays also .
the dealership should be remain open on sundays also . we get only sunday holiday to complete servicing 's .
the dealership should be open on holiday 's also .
the opening and closing time of dealership should be 8 am to 6 pm .
on sundays the dealership is not open thus on those days they should appoint some another staff to keep the dealership open .
service center should open on sunday also .
they should open the service center early morning .
dealership location should open on proper time .
they have to increase the dealership timings .
actually there is little problem with delivery issue . the dealership is been closed on sunday and most of the people are free on sunday so you dealership should be open on sunday . except sunday you can keep open on other days .
if we have any work on sunday . dealership should help us on that day also .
if the service center will be in outside the city area where there was much space then it would be good because inside the city there was not much space . they have to increase 2or3 more service center in guwahati .
there is so much rush on sunday holidays . people are free on holidays so that time they should arrange 1 more service counter . so that there would no more work on the staff even the customer get freeas soon as possible .
night facility should be available . now we are advanced . supposed car has problem after 5 pm and we have ladies or family with us so its very difficult to seat with other passengers . mechanics are not available . those are available they did not have that much knowledge . due to this other problems are created . in car there is having lots of problem of money and time . we should available night service . it is actually need of time . now we are having 24 7 . facilities are good . not getting appointments suddenly . appointment should be available in advance , in emergency they should adjust the time and should give us the appointment .
at annamalai tiruppur dealership need to open sundays at least for half days .
dealership opening and closing time should be more improved but i don \? t know how to improve the service .
morning they are open the dealership at 9 . 00am so they should open the dealership around 8 to 8 . 30am that is very help for the customer . if any customer emergency for car servicing that time dealership staff should quickly come to received the car .
the dealership closing time is 6 . 00 pm thus need to change it till 6 . 30 to 7 . 00 pm . generally , all job timings are between 5 . 30 to 6 . 00 only hence being a customer we feel difficult to get services . it would be much good if they extend their working hours till 7 . 00 pm .
need to open on sunday as well \? annamalai dealership \?
1 \) the dealership should works on sundays .
service center should open at 8 am .
they should open the dealership on sunday also .
the early morning time ein the service center is of 9 am which is late and should be done at 7 . 30 am . customers who only have to get few small things done in their car servicing should not have to wait for a longer period of time . if a customer has to go to his office at 9 am , his car should be delivered to him after servicing between 8 9 am . the servicing timings on sunday is nice . if we send a car at 7 . 30 am , the car is delivered to us by 8 . 30am . this leads to our satisfaction that even the servicing is done and we can go out too .
dealership should be open in night as well . they should do servicing in the night also . i come in late night and halt at surendra nagar from there dealership is 150 km far so if we go there we have to put car at service center so if they work for late night then it will be more convenient for me . they should also do service in the evening .
the morning time should be made early at choudhary toyota in midc . the showroom in midc is closed on saturday actually it should be open on saturdays .
they should open the service center on sunday also .
no improvement require
according to me it would be better if the changed the timing and made it early in the morning and it should be open little late in the evening as we go to office . we have to come early at 10 am to collect our cars and then go to office .
dealership should think of the opening closing time to be implemented , because toyota is an biggest company . it is an national level company hence dealership should be working at morning 7 am to night 7 pm
dealership open till 7 7 . 30 in the evening but should be open till 10 11pm . people have lot of trust in toyota and which is why they buy cars . people have shortage of time and if they keep th service centre open for more 3 hours then they will be able to attend more cars in a day .
on sunday if the they open the dealership from 10am to 12 noon then it would be good .
they should start the servicing of the vehicle early and should do the same properly
dealership opening time and days should be improved , that is sunday is off days time that \? s why dealership should be open in sundays it will be better to the customers .
1 \) they have to open the service center earlier in weekends and in holidays .
they should finish the vehicle in evening time , they should not leave the vehicle just because of closing time .
dealership need to open on sunday \? s . even they need to have night servicing staff around 2 3 staffs for emergency to do service on night . in a day they do car services around 50 but if they extended their work on night as well then the numbers will exceed it till 100 as well . also this will help customers as well as the turnover of the dealership will increase . this kind of services need to be implemented on all the dealership so the toyota name will reach to all over . i am not aware that whether they have 24 7 services . for this 24 7 service the toyota need to give more advertising to reach it .
their opening time in the morning is at 9 30 so it should be opened little early . if some people need to go to job so they can go by their car . the service center should be opened by 8 00 or 9 00 . if anybody has a government job he need to reach the office at 10 00 am so , he can drop the car at 8 00 am pick it by 9 0 after servicing so he can easily reach by his office timings . but if leaves his car at 9 30 the it would take more time to get the car serviced would reach late to the office .
1 \) they have to deliver the vehicle fastly during lunch hours .
they need to improve in service of vehicle . they don \? t give us car quickly after service we have to go to work . they should give our car after service soon .
1 \) the dealership should work on sundays also . .
they should work on sunday .
open till late evening
opening and closing in anaamalai tirunelveli dealership should be open on sunday also . if it is there then it is good for us .
the opening and closing time of anaamalai thiruneliev dealership service time should increase if they increase the time its well and done . the appointment fix timing should be applicable till 8 00 pm then it will be fine .
on sunday showroom was closed . on the other days the customers are busy with their work but on sunday they are free because of that showroom should be opened at sunday also .
while i was going to rishi jodhpur toyota for the information help it was a closing time . closing time of the service center needs to be increased . like the staff over there and the small service needs to be done at evening time also . at least 1 2 hours needs to be expanded . this is a bib company but they don \? t check the technical . they as it is the wont check only the running point itself they hand over . this should not happen . they should check the each and every item then only hand over to customer . we have trust in toyota but not in rishi . toyota car is best but the technical fault and the dealership should check the parts . in india toyota is the best car but if the problem raises then the trust will go for toyota .
dealership should open on sunday .
jmk toyota showroom timing should be from 9 00am to 5 00pm .
lanson villupuram dealership open on sunday also artiest on sunday it may work for half day is also fine for us .
they should opened dealership at 10 pm but they should open it on 8 o'clock morning .
dealership closed at 5pm , it must be there at 7pm .
working time should be improve they should increase 1 hour more in a morning like they opened a dealership at 10 o'clock but it should be open at 9 o'clock . workshop timing should be increase almost 1 and 1 2 hour .
if we are traveling somewhere and suddenly car break down so we visit nearest service center but they have there time like 9 or 10 they should give provision like hospital they should give emergency 24 hour service . so customer will not face any problem any time .
dealership working days should be little bit change . on sunday should be have half day . time was had 9 . 30 to 1 . 30 and lunch time had in 1 to 2 pm , so lunch time should be change lunch time should be have 1 . 30 to 2 . 30 pm , so it will good 1 pm for lunch it was early if it was have 1 . 30 to 2 . 30 for lunch , so work should be continue till 2 . 30 to 6 . 30 am .
they should do changes in timing of service center . before it which timing had 8 to 8 . 30 which they changed now it was had 9 to 9 . 30 because of it afternoon work was remained like that and if we gone there early morning then we save a time before it which timing had there , which was accurate . which people had hurry in a morning . so , they should done a work early then they should go .
dealership should be open on sunday so that the people who go to office they have holiday on sunday then they can do servicing on that holiday .
they should open dealership early closed late because we are office going people so it 's difficult to manage the time at least it should be 8 to 8 30 .
they should open dealership on 9o clock at morning .
dealership working time should be changes . closing time should be at late night .
rajendra toyota should be open on time it should be open on 8 00am in summer season .
rajendra toyota should open all 7 days . it should also work on sunday . because we used to work officially . that why servicing center should open at sunday also .
it will be good if the dealership is opened on sunday also . we are working in private and we used to work on saturday also so that dealership should open on sunday also it be better .
the closing time of dealership should be increased there should be 2 shift available till 8 30pm then it will be fine .
dealership should be on sunday .
they should open the center early at summer time .
1 \) they have to increase the closing timings .
toyota service center should provide emergency service on sunday because on sunday it is closed . if some customers on sunday in car some problem came which is only serviced by company , so that time they should provide emergency facility to a customer .
sometimes the customer also get late for servicing . it should be open till 7 30 pm . the customer comes from far for servicing . their should be some person for washing also . their is no showroom in palghar . we used to travel 60km to reach vasai for service . while servicing from dealership it is too far for us . the customer should get quick appointment . the should take at car at 10 00am and return to the customer at 5 00 to 6 00 pm . because the customer come from far .
service center also should be open on sunday .
there timing is 10 to 6 sot it should be 9 to 7 .
they should increase evening time of showroom it should be open till 6 30 so we get car it they take more time .
as the time period of there is 9 30 to 6 30 is actually should be till 6pm , as they are opening at 9 30 so should be close at 6pm . the half an hour time from 6 00 6 30 is waste time .
the workshop should open on sunday also then it will be comfortable .
they close the dealership at 7 00pm and it is outer . there should be one technician in the center at the night time . if he stays there then we are not suppose to wait till morning . if they provide this facility then the time is not wasted .
the service center should be open till 7 00pm
dealership should be open on sunday also .
the closing time of dealership should be extended . now the closing is 6 7 the middle time . it take late foot returning the car . if the time is 8 . 00 o'clock then it will be goo . at least they should extended half an hour for closing time .
on sunday the dealership are closed , but on sunday we are having off for working customer so that the dealership should on sunday . because the officials works can be done on sunday . they can close the dealership at tuesday or thursday but not on sunday . they should open on sunday it will be good . because we used to take leave to go dealership for servicing .
they should do improvement in time as it is opening in morning one time the shop close at 5pm . in this it is 1 hour in the morning 1 hour in the evening time late it should be open . this system should be there . as this is summer time so morning 8 am they should open the shop in evening 6pm it should be close .
on sunday the service center should work for half day or 3 pm . the showroom or service center should open till 3pm . if the customers are very urgently required their car so instead of waiting full day in service center so that the customer can get immediately the car then it will be serviced even the problem is break down . so the service center should open on sunday also .
they open dealership at 10 . 30 am to 11 . 00 am and close at 6 . 30 pm . so they should open at 8 . 00 am and close at 8 . 00 pm .
dealership should be open at 8 am . that time some employee should be there , it will good for us .
they should work on sunday . if we give car on sunday they should do servicing .
service center also should be open on sunday .
they take once car for are service for minimum 6 hours so that the closing time needs to extended then it will be good .
dealership did not have fix timing of opening closing . some time they close on monday , tuesday sunday also . last sunday when i visit it was closed before that it was open .
if the customer is traveling from long distance so they should open it on holiday then it will be good .
dealership should be open till at 8 30 am and close till at 7 00pm .
the closing time of harsh thiruvallur dealership was 6 00pm but it should be extended and close at 7 00pm then it will be good
the close the service center at 6 00pm but they should close the center at 8 00 to 9 00 pm then it will be good .
the service center should open on sunday because on sunday it is closed .
customers when called them to back an appointment that time they told to come . 9 am after some time they told to come 8 am . then same like that they do , they should done a servicing in a commit time , then customer will satisfied .
dealership should be available till 9 00pm .
automotive toyota showroom closing time are very early at eveing . the closing time of showroom needs to be extended .
they should increase working time . they should follow opening closing time properly .
they should increase the time of dealership . the time of opening and closing should be 8 00 am to 6 30 pm .
it should be working on sunday then it will be good . because most of office customer has levee so they can visit on sunday moist the customer has star day off or sunday off .
they should open dealership on sunday or other holidays .
my appointment time rag was at 9 30 am at morning but i reached on time and i was waiting over there for half hours or 45 minutes . we reached on time but they war very cite . this shawl not happen again
the closing time should be 8 00 for toyota service centre . thier should be control room in 24 7 in toyota service centre . if the toyota loyal or regular customer is facing customer as much as possible .
service center should be work on sunday .
the closing time of toyota service centre . should be 8 00 instead of 6 00 pm because most of the working customers staff their work at 9 00 and end at 6 00 . because if we are leaving the car in service center . and he cant also to service center . and he cant also to reach the service centre at 6 00pm and on that day the delivery will not get me . so that why they should close the service centre at 8 00 pm . if the toyota service centre open at 8 00am then it will be good . if the customer are working in shifts then it will be useful to those customer . the toyota should give pick up and drop facility to the customer . if there is a heavy work had in service centre then they should give pick up and drop facility to their customer , but the facilities are not available to all customer .
they should increase time on sunday they open at 10 00 so they should open at least at 9 00 clock .
dealership is closed on sunday that is ok but other days . it should open at least till 8 to 9 pm .
they should open dealership at morning 8 30am . so there should be anybody to accept our vehicle .
they should not closed dealership at saturday , they should closed on monday
