they should improve in location .
in jodhpur , there is only one service center they have to arrange two service center due to this we have to go to other private service center .
from kolhapur the service center is 10 to 14km away . so it should be nearby the kolhapur .
location cannot be changed but they can repair the road discussing with gram panchayat .
dealership location should be on road .
location of dealership in not good as the road condition is very poor .
in sindhudurg district service center not available . for the servicing we have to go kolhapur . also servicing not available in kankavali there is only store room available .
there should be board which indicate dealership toyota service center is available here .
due to traffic , it is big issue to reach the service center , so they should locate their center in such a place where , there is less traffic so that reaching the service center gets easy .
there is not particular waiting area . the customers like us and the dealership staffs are sitting together only . it would be much better , if they can arrange a separate waiting area and keep tv , comfortable chairs with cushion etc .
they should open one more service center in the aundh , if they feel .
at karaikudi place there is no dealership they just have showroom . it would be good if toyota could have dealership in that place as well .
the service center location is far away from my home it is almost 16 km . they should increase their branches . should have one more branch after the mira road .
service center should be near .
dealership staffs , customer service responses are good . it should be more developed . in annanagar area dealership branch located at long distance that why it took very much time to reach there .
service center is far away it is almost 6 7 km so it should be available within 2 3 km . or they are giving home delivery for servicing but they are taken much charges for that so they should not charge or should reduce the charges .
if service center location is nearby then it will good . current the location is far away . it should be nearby nagar or shirdi as well as it should be available within 20 to 25 km .
the service center is quite far from my resident . so it would be better if i have the service center near to my resident at brahrampur area .
dealership location should be available within 30 km . it should be nearby shirdi or shrirampur of rahta .
dealership branches closing time should be increase
they should do proper cleaning of the vehicle .
the entry gate of dealership should be on highway .
from velachery to tambaram the branches are too less , it would be good if they increase the same
there are less branches available in this city and also dealership distance too long , so increase the dealership branches in main areas of town .
this dealership branch is located in place where traffic is more . hence , customers are getting difficult to reach the dealership shop . it would be better if they locate it in some another comfortable place .
dealership should be located in nearby city like gandhidham area . its difficult to go for service on highways .
there is no parking place at that service center , so we have to wait in sunshine .
i have to travel 100 km far for service of my car so it should be near . i am staying at palghar but i have to visit at vashi or vasai for servicing . if dealership will be available in palghar or bhoiser area it will save our diesel and driver charges . even my friend having vehicles but they do service from local area but i go for brand so i visit till dealership . if dealership will be here then it will be good for everyone .
it should be near by our location
no improvement require
they should shift in borivali .
location should be available in the sinhgad main road . it should be available in 5 to 7 km .
they have to place the service center at vishakhapatnam .
they should make service center in every district .
location should be available nearby 11 to 12 km
the location of the service center is very far away from our place . they should open more service centers near tamluk haldia .
service center should be available in the hadupser main road .
increase the dealership branches in salem to melur areas .
it is 10 km far away from city it should be nearby city within 2 3 km .
they have to provide service center near bypass road area .
showroom need to be outskirt of city as we does not in city , we are farmers . it will be good if they open it in wagholi or shirur \( shikharapur \) . it should be within 15 20 km .
the location of the dealership , if should be change then it would be better as the distance of the dealership is so far from my resident . if it will be located in between the sundar gour and raurkela that would be better .
the location of dealership is beside of highway . it would be better if the location of dealership would be some another city side of chennai bypass road or thanjavur road .
they are opening toyota office in my office building only it will be very convenient for me . so rajpal distance was far . it is very far so it took more time but now your company is opening the office beside of my office only so i will go there only . the center point would be khandwa road .
dealership is out of the city nashik . not in city area . we stay 10 kms away from service center . they should put a showroom nearby .
branches are less in sriparampattur , it would be good if they increase the branches .
they should repair the road of dealership location and the parking should be safe
the dealership location have holes on road which had water lodging in rainy session .
if the location is near barista it would be better .
they should have sign board on the high way as we ca n't service center in winter weather because of the fogg .
increase the dealership branches in this area
they should provide more service centers . the service center is very far away from my place , so they should provide a service center near howrah .
no improvement require
increase the dealership branches in thirupattur to vaniyambadi
the opening closing time should be increased .
dealership location should be available in candidly west .
i do not face much problem because the service center is nearby to me
no improvement require
it should be near my place in rourkela town .
it should be near to mahapa district side
respondent ca n't suggest how to improve it .
should be near taratala .
service center is 9 km away from my place . so it should be up to 4 5 kms in hingewadi .
increase the dealership branches in avadi areas that very useful for customer .
if any service center open with in sector 1 to udit nagar it will be better as i am resided at sector 1
i would feel satisfied if we get the location in malegaon district . servicing center must be available in malegaon
the servicing center is located very far from town , so they have to provide the service center in the town
there are less locations in revdegaon so have to face problems . connected location is needed on highway connected to solapur village . now it is in hadapsar , instead it should be in between of srigonda , tapasvi and taluka then it would be good for us otherwise they must give pick up and drop facility . that will be better
location is very far it should be near by . there is no place in the city . it is far
it is already situated in prime location inside the city . they should improve there facilities .
it should be near malda , raigunj , north south dinajpur .
roads are broken , there is mud also on roads so while returning back our car again gets dusty . so roads need to proper , we can not say anything about it
the present location is 25 kms away from the town and it \? s very difficult to take the car there , leave and then again go for collection . if i leave the car 25 kms away , then there is nobody to drop . they do not provide any such service that the customer would leave his car there . they have showroom on the main road that they must convert it into service center then it would be useful .
want in rural area , they are in the city .
location is somewhat in the interior . it is not on the main road . it \? s completely in inner side from hadapsar . if we think of leaving the car , then returning becomes a problem . service center should be at the place where there are rickshaws or buses . so that at least we can leave the car there and then we do not get troubled while coming back . even if it is hadapsar it is ok but at least location should be on the on road side . even if it is inside then it is problem to find out also .
medinipur is a very big junction , it \? s not small town . they don \? t have any branch over here . so they should open a branch over here . if people don \? t buy car from here . they could come for check up here .
no improvement require
location is far away . for me its approximate 25 kms far . if they come closer then it would be good for us .
location should be at udaynagar . toyota service center is 30 kms far . others have it at every place like of hyundai . but toyota is very far .
in near my house toyota is having dealership center they do dealing and sales of cars in kerala but they do not do servicing of cars . if they start giving services for toyota customers it will be much better .
they should have center in rajarampuri in kolhapur
its location is far away from city so they should improve on this . they are almost 15 km away from city . so they should open dealership inside city .
they are at shilphata , they must come little closer to chatainaka . it takes entire day to go there .
the current location is fair .
dealership location should be near .
it \? s very far . it should be little nearby . it should be close to city now its little outside . when your worker takes our car and if he doesn \? t take the car properly then we face lot of problem on our way back . if we come there to leave the car then there is no bus available for us to come back . this is the problem . it should be near by metro , so that we do not face any problem . while visiting the service center .
the service center is very far to the khammam , so they have to provide the service center at suryapet and kodadha area .
service center should be nearby and they should open it by 9 am .
location must be on main side . its little inside
location is very far . if it is at 10 kms then also it is ok
it will be good if the location is changed because its too far . its good if it is in the city . its completely outside of nashik . now we have to go by crossing nashik , it should be closed to nashik .
the dealership located at bypass and it very far from town , for that felt hazard from communications , if it near guwahati near town it will be more better .
we have to go to satara for servicing . service center should be in karad because we have to go 52 kms .
they \? ve only 1 dealer , so should have more service centers at the city corner , like near the bypass or other some other place .
location is too outside of nagpur . it should be on amravati road then it would be good and it should be on the distance of 7 8 kms .
as i stay near hindi but there is no service center nearby so i would be good if it may be arranged .
they can repair the road by speaking with the government .
they have opened a branch in nagarkovil but they only park the vehicles over there . there is big place from kanyakumari to nagarkoveli for the vehicle to go . so they should on this part by arranging workshop there .
should available one dealership in bongaigaon .
service center should be somewhere around 10 km from perambattur near tambram .
service center should be available in nagore .
it should be near or around the area . we are 90km far from dibrugarh area . and the service is 10 13km from dibrugarh . it takes one day and we can \? t let the car go with the driver . a service center can be in tinsukia .
most of the location are off root . from our city and from my home it is 18 20 km away . inside the city or outside the city is should be minimum 2 to 3 km away . medical college should be locate beside the road because there is all the type of service center .
nippon dealership should locate their service center in idukki , kattappana , adimali and koduvila .
in highway of main road their should be an service center .
viva toyota dealership is available only one in yelanka so service center should be increased in bangalore city
they must start one more service center in some other area like in midc areas etc . there all other service centers are available like audi , mercedes etc . only this is in kamothe area for which we have to travel 25 kms far . if its on 5 7 kms distance then it is fine .
parking provision provided outside the showroom is full of rush because it is on the highway . so they must arrange for parking for the cars coming there or arrange one boy to park the car inside and then to get it out .
should have a body shop at the dealership location .
service center is far away both the things should be in city only . its far away from city .
its better if make the service center near by your showroom .
service center should in the central point of gangawa road and college road .
they should repair the road of the dealer ship .
from kanpur its far away because of that face problem . it should be near by . if it would be good if it will be available inside the kanpur city . place should be like that where service center should be in 30 minute . from our place service center should be 4to 5 km .
uttam toyota show is far away . 1 showroom should available near of sadra or karkadoma .
dealership is located at rural side it should be in the city . location is too far away from the city . they should purchase key a land in the city . at least showroom should be available in the city . if showroom is located in the city then selling will be increase and also good to the customers .
the present dealer point is in sambalpur . if a dealer point can be opened between noapara and kalahandi than it will be very good .
dealership location is very far . this should be somewhere near kanjipuram bus stop
if the service center will be located on maniktala it would be better . as maruti suzuki has many service center with in short distance , if toyota will also has then it would be better .
if the space of the located service center will be extended then it would be good . and if the quality of the work will be improved then it will be better .
this dealership location is not good because service center is available in roadside it is huge traffic is there in this dealership so they should open in industrial area it is very help for the customer .
the space is also small , if it is increased and decorated it will be good enough to do it like rourkela and cuttack .
it \? s very long from our place and has issues getting up and down for services . they should locate the service center somewhere the customer could reach properly .
dealership is in bikaner so it should be in district churu .
from our service center is 18 to 20 km away . service center should be available at mani nagar . problem can occur because of that . should clean the car properly . improvement is need they should understand .
service center should be near . where their showroom is near by service center should be . where agency is service center should be their .
they should move on to some other location with borian paint .
the service center should be at any place in bhubaneshwar .
location of the dealer is far from the city . if we do servicing from other service center it costs around 400 to 500 rs but in toyota service center it costs around 1600 rs for the same . service charges are more which need to be reduced . so they should do improvement on this . it lakes around 45 to 60 minutes to reach lanson toyota again that much time for coming back so it is very difficult to reach there . they should have a service center in between kolam city .
there should be sub center in karad . earlier there were only 5 cars but now in karad there are more than 50 plus . from here we have to travel 55 kms from karad to reach here .
the location of the dealership should be somewhere around nhc road or highway road .
location of the dealership is convenient as it is far from city . this is near to selum to mallur city . it would be convenient if the lanson dealership is near to mallur bus stop . there is no arrangement for lunch or even there is no restaurant nearby . we need to travel 4 km to reach any hotels .
location of service is little far away . i live in town place or tamiya . service center should be available in chindwara but it is far away from chindwara bypass 8 9 km far away . from our area parasia is about ot 30 km . it would be fine if service center would be in middle of chindawara and tamiya like in parasiya .
toyota is a very big company . they should provide 4 drivers to pick drop the cars because the location of the dealership is too far . i have 2 car one is swift they only come to pick the car for servicing also drop it after servicing . so toyota should also provide this provision for their customers . after servicing they call their customers tell that servicing is completed you can pick the car . only after arguing with them they come to pick the car .
they should have canteen in their madurai kampaloor service centers .
they should speak with government about the dealership location road
service center in trichy is at bypass road instead it should be near town .
they should improve on the services charges as it should be reduced .
location is far away . it took lots of time . it is in value midc . so there should be one bypass or it should main road on the way or it should available in midc area so at least will get car with servicing . it should be available 4 5 km .
i want the location , if it is on the highway it will be more efficient where we can park easily our car and go for servicing and all .
dealership is located in bikaner and it \? s too far . yes , the dealership gives pick up and drop services but it would be good if they locate their dealership in city area . other brands like hundai \? s are located in city area .
workshop do not happen on the location of civil lines . it \? s a heavy traffic area . it \? s very difficult to take your car and its very far also .
i personally think that , they should open service center in gandhinagar because ahmedabad is very far for us . if we have any minor problem after service . we have to waste whole day for servicing . if service center will be in gandhinagar we can give our vehicle to service center and go to our work . service center is in ahmedabad , so it \? s not possible for us to go to dealership on working days . there was some noise in my speakers which i want to repair but i don \? t have time for visit ahmedabad for speaker \? s issue so it will be good if they open service center at gandhinagar .
location is far away from satara it is 20 km away . it should be available in satara .
i stays in bewar which situated in rajasthan , ajmer jila . dealership is located in ajmer should available in bewar .
i am stay in local bellary dealership is available in hospet . it is 70km distance between bellary to hospet . it is difficult to travel to hospet , so they should open new dealership branch in bellary otherwise they should appoint the dealer in this city .
location should be available in gomatinagar so it will be only 4 km for us . and now it is 28 29 km for us .
the e . m . bypass service center is too far from my resident about 45000 km . if it will locate at kalitala , then it would be better .
dsk 's location is very far it should near bya area . we did not go to shirur .
service center should be near .
location is not available in satara city . we are facing lots of issues while returning back because it is on satara highway . city is very far from highway . after brought the vehicle for servicing 3 4 hours we are spending over there . in that time period they should done some facility for customer to return back as city is almost 6 7 km far from that place and the auto charged rs . 150 .
towards dealership location if it will be in bhubaneswar then it would be good . the dealership is about 17km away from my home and this 17 km taking around 45 minute to 1 hr . so i am bit inconvenience for the location .
it is a bypass area if it would be in national highway then there was no problem . it would be good if it would be available in jaipur area .
service center of toyota was in chidawa should have in nimkathana .
dealership location is too long . need to open new service dealership in patna place . to reach the current dealership we have to take time of 3 to 4 hours before to reach there .
nothing
there are service center in raipur , bilayat and bilaspur . in whole area of chhattisgarh service center of raipur is been closed from last 4 months . we do not get parts in bilayat . the should be an 2 dealership available in raipur .
location is so far away from my location . it should be available in sikandar so customer time will be save . it is available in 20km from my location and its seem take much time for travelling .
service center if far away from city it takes 2 to 2 . 5 hrs . . their should be an service center in the city .
location is very out of city . due to this driver has to give pick up and drop facility . it should be in city . according to customer 's population . it means the toyota customers numbers are high so it should located in such place . so customer will feel easy and safety . it should not be in traffic area . it should near by area around 4 km .
in karkala city most of toyota car is available , so toyota should open dealership in this city and most of toyota car was sold in this city . in karkala other company dealership showroom are there like mahindra , honda maruti showroom , so if toyota showroom is open in karkala it is very help for the customer .
service center location is little away because of that its take time to go and come . we can drop the car over there , location is far away from gwalior . service center is located in main road of highway . i am staying in center of city it should be 5km away from city it would be benefits for all . service center should be in jhansi road earlier it was their .
they should open one service center in morena as well because lots of toyota vehicles are available here . we have to spend more time to go there and it is 50 km far away .
service center should be in our area .
it is very far from the village . it is 5 6 km far . it would be good if the location would be near by nandurbar in city . it is out side of the city almost 5 km far .
service center should available in etawah .
dealership should be in city because we have to go through highway . dealership is on main highway , so instead of that it should be locate at anand highway so it will be little easy to customers .
nothing
dealership is too far away from my place . toyota market value is good but they should be open more service center .
esprit dealer point at cuttack is far away from my place . it would be good enough if a service center can be set up in patia near bhubaneswar .
the service center is far away from my home so they should open a service center in south delhi .
service center is located away from this place at around 100 km . if it remains near us then it would be beneficial . it would be beneficial if 50 kms away . the parts are also not available . they tell us to bring from varanasi which is 200 km away . it is just a dealership and not service center . there are service centers at renukot and antara . it would be good if we have some here .
if anyone visits from far away like 100 150km so they should attend them first . because the location of dealership is far away . topline toyota is far away and rajendra toyota is near . we have purchase car from topline and we have to travel 300km and buddha toyota is 110 km far away same rajendra toyota is 130 km far away . topline should be in bihar because it is situated in jharkhand . it should be in highway and its locate near by doha darghati . shakharam service center should be remain open .
current location is in erode bypass instead it should be in city or it would be good if it is in the previous place .
service center is in haldwani , there is no service station in local rudrapur uttarakhand . it should be in our rudrapur . it should be on the highway . it should be in the market
the location is in such a place where there is no bus stop nearby , we need to go 2 km for getting any vehicle to come back after giving the vehicle for servicing . so they should arrange to pick drop till the bus stop or location should be near the bus stop .
service center is located outside the city . it would be better is one service center was located inter city and another would have located outer city . it would be better if the service center is located in sardarpura road , choupasti road and paan road .
location is far away so their should be an facility of pickup and drop .
dealership location is very long so they should be open dealership in nearby surrounding tumbthakatte naganiroad so it is very help for the customer
need to locate the dealership in koyilandy place .
the location of the dealership should be improved as there is no facility of bus to come back after giving the vehicle for servicing . in this situation they should arrange for a pick drop for the customers till the bus stop .
if location of service center would be in nanded it will be better . we have to go to latoor . in nanded anywhere it will be ok .
in kr road have one dealership but it is very small so they should be increased dealership in kr road .
location is far away , if it is nearly by panchshil then it would be easy for us .
they should keep sign board on highway roadside . so that people will get to know that here is workshop
in rainy days , the place of dealership is become full of mud and water . so they should keep this place in a proper way .
it would convenient for us if dealership located in buldhana because we leavening properly in buldhana . although there is no problem if dealership located 50 km .
your service center is faraway is should be in city . service center should be in patna it is far away 25 30km .
dealership is far away . i live in gandhi nagar and dealership is in vaishali nagar , so dealership should be nearby .
location should near by sangrur city .
dealership location is way by traffic area . they should location sajanpur highway nearby rto office .
the dealership location is far away , it should nearby city .
location should be near in the city .
there is no facility of bus also no arrangement for tea of coffee . they should improve on that . they should arrange for tea or coffee also any transportation facility .
last location was actually in vorli and it was easy exercisable . because of its new we have to keep on asking and go . service center is good but it is backside of road so their should be an banner that we can see here is service center . for that they should do add .
there is so much rush . parking space is less . parking place should be increased .
location is far away from city . location should be in city . for that i talk to manager also . because of its far away i have to stay over there . location should be in city or their should be an facility of pickup and drop .
the service center should near to from our home .
dealership location should be change dealership location should be put on main road and also near
location need to be near by .
the service center is 8 km away from city . it is little bit outside . most of the service center are within the city but this is another case .
it should be in city area . showroom is in city and the service center is very far from the city .
we have to go by long road at location . location should be on main road like if we leave our car for servicing , they provide us another car but we have to cross the sewer so dealership should be attached to main road . walking road should be attached to dealership location . dealership should be in meerut on the same place but it should be connected to main road .
should available in city because its 20km away . yet the service center is in dhanabad which is away 20km which should near in city .
we are not comfortable with dealership place or location
should available i city . the service center is available in industrial area which should be in city like it would be near by showroom it will be good .
in pudukkottai area service centers are less . so they should have a dealership in between pudukkottai trichy area .
location is outside of road . it should be in bigone road or if it would be in nagpur road that will be better .
from kodampakkam distance till kumbhakonam is about 15 km but the distance between kumbhakonam is 40 km . so it will be good if the location for the service center would be somewhere near it .
the service center should be in bokhara city .
the location of the dealership should be near sulur area .
service center is too far away . the service is about 25km away from the city the distance should reduce minimum 10km . i ask them to take my car to the service center but they told me they will take the carry by monday but yet they did n't came .
we have to cross the toll to go in the dealership , due to these 130 rupees gone from my pockets . if i go for the routine checkup then also i have to pay 130 rupees . they should manage something for it . i don \? t have any problem with location i have problem with toll .
service should only 4 5 km away from the town .
nothing . .
when we drop the car for servicing they tell us the time for delivery but they do not give it on time . this is the improvement needed .
there is huge issue in location of dealership mentioned on google map . i was trying to reach dealership with taking help of google maps it was showing different location . on google map location of dealership was at end of graveyard road but no single building was there on that road . it was dead end road . i was not so familiar with vapi city so i called relation officer mr . parikh and i told him that direction of your dealership location is showing wrong on google map .
they should improve on the location part . they had told that service center will come to ramnade city but still it has not come . it is 100 km from rameshwaram 30 km . so it would be good if it is some where around 30 km from ramnathpuram .
location is very far from the city . it would have been better had it been in the city . it is too far from the city . even if i myself go there in the evening to leave the car then while coming back you do not get any bus or any other vehicle from there and there is no auto also . they must open one dealership in raipur and close this one
there is no vehicle facility for visiting service center . so have to wait till servicing gets over . if location is nearby city then it would be good because servicing takes one full day . if location is nearby then we can wind up some other works as well .
they should open service center in cities .
the locations are between two cities . like it \? s should more convenient if it is outside the kasargod city then it will be much better .
dealership location should be there in nearest karkal city
they should shift the service center on bypass as the service center is from far from our home , it is located in middle of the town .
if location will be under sadar city or in city , then it will be good .
the dealership location in the traffic place . but they have to change dealership location at where the traffic is not available area
the car which sales from toyota mostly , deharadun people takes mostly . showroom is located from dehradun to monopoly . we have to go very far . more and more time car take in to rishikesh . dehradun is our capital but dealership should change . they should be 2 dealership like in 2 in rishikesh and 2 in dehradun . dealership is far away from hardaloo it should be near . one more dealership should be opened in deharadun or rishikesh .
they should do call or message about the location . it is nearest from our place .
it should somewhere close to the city . it is only one in grand dehradun . they should be few more . on sharapur rajpur road , near s zone there should be a service center . it cannot be on any other place .
they should shift service center from there or should repair the road going to service center as the road have so many holes .
location is far from my place . this much huge showroom is not possible to open in city . they should organize another showroom in city so it will be profit for customer as well as company .
place from where we purchased the car there is no service center near to it . it would be good if it is in the center of lucknow
dealership location is too long so they should open new dealership in majestic area .
dealership location should be available in apmc pune nearby 30 km .
they should open a service center in ropar district also .
dealership location should be there in out of the city .
location is little far it is on outskirts . it becomes too far for us . it needs to be closer . it is on by pass . it should be near by to gandhi city in patna
location is very good . area is also very good . only thing is that it is too far . like we had to ask 3 people about the dealership address to reach there . like there should be some indication so that they indicate where the dealership is then it would be good for us .
distance from karaikudi to the dealership is far so it is not possible to take the vehicle for servicing after every 5000 km . due to this we take it after 10 , 000 km . so it would be convenient for us if the location is in karaikudi .
i stay in vashind servicing i need to go the wagle estate . they should have service center in mhape area . it will be ok even it is in nerul area .
the location of the dealer point should be improved . the place where i stay is too far away from my place , approx . 285 kms . if a dealer point can be opened between nagao and tejpur then it would be convenient .
guwahati dealership is too far from my residents , if toyota arranged a dealership in dibrugarh then it well be good for us .
location of the dealer is in the city instead it should be 2 km away from the city . because there is too much rush in the city . this should be improved .
service center is far away from the place where we stay . it should be in city . i reside in anshavad so the location should be available in kankarwar and bori road .
it is far way for us to go there .
it is very far from city . it should not be , so far from city . it would be great if the showroom will be near by city .
they should repair the road of dealership
dealership location is in inside . have to walk minimum 800 meters from bus stand . it should be near by highway . it should be on highway from mhapsa .
dealership location should locate near to palakkad place .
parking place should be available around dealership location . we are facing problem if is a rush .
it should available in rudrapur .
if the location of the service center would be in avinashi road . it will be better .
showroom should be on highway side it is available in very inside of the area .
location should be in middle of city . should be inside of deharadun capital . it is outside of of city that \? s why have little problem .
they should open the service center in the area where they have heavy sale .
location of the dealership need an improvement as it should be inside the sellum city as now it is 20 km away from the city .
they should have a cut on highway as respondent need to take along way to reach the location of dealership
they have to improve the dealership location same like vijayawada dealership . they have to introduce the toyota qualis vehicle , it is helpful for the middle class people .
the location of the service center can be improved . there should be a service center in itanagar .
if the dealership location will change and if it will be located on main road of any area , then it will convenient for public .
1 \) they have to provide the dealership location in industrial area , presently l k \( leela krishna \) visakhapatnam dealership is located in city out scouts
in koraput of jaipur there is no service center . a service center is required here . i t would be good enough if the service point can be channelized here .
the dealership location should be near by of our home .
customer said for wasing \( they should concentrate on the washing of the car \)
dealership should hang a board on highway when highway 's work in progress .
my home is far from dealership and i have to visit there only for service . i am living out cut of city because of this location is far from me . location of dealership should be near copper city .
location is at offside , if it is in central side then it would be better . it should be at bhopal central side .
dealership location should be in avinashi road coimbatore , as there is only service center in coimbatore . this should be improved .
location of the dealership should be somewhere around airport or kmch hospital .
the dealership location is located in distance of 30 km . it would be good if they open dealership in adoor place
we have to go 150 200 km for servicing . yavatmal district is very large . so they should have service center here .
service center is in kadaloure city but there is a toyota showroom in in puducherry near rajiv gandhi statue . so it would be good if service center is available there .
the dealership location should near by of our home .
dealership location is 5km away , so there is no auto facility available for returning and also for going back to took vehicle . there should be transportation facility .
we have to travel 300 km to reach location of dealership . dealership should be available at jamnagar city so it will only 100 km far from my village .
location of the dealership is too far . that is in the outer city instead it should be in the town . it should be somewhere in metapallam road , near saibaaba colony .
if location of dealership is situated in end of the patna or west side of the patna it will be better for us . they should not take any tax . it should be tax free .
it is far away from patna . service center should be available in west patna .
no improvement require all are fine
recently i am staying in north gujrat at place banaskata district but for servicing i have to go to mehsana district so it will be good if location of dealership will be at banaskata palanpur .
dealership is very far takes long time for us to give the car for servicing in sellum . it would be good if the service center is in namakal .
dealership in sellum is in the outer city so this should be in the city so it would be convenient for us .
i will not say anything about the location but there is no bus stop near the service center . we need to go far to get a bus . they should arrange a pickup drop till the bus stop .
it is far away from us . it would be better if it placed in our near by area .
dealership location is very much far from city so it will be better if location of dealership will be near to my place .
location should be by km or at pune bangalore highway or by hinjewadi .
they have to locate the dealership location at main road .
lanson dealership should be near kanchipuram station . if it is near the station , there will be more customers . we need to cross velur road need to travel 7 km .
service center should be available in wardha . other companies having their service center except toyota service center not available their .
they should shift the service center on rajpura road .
dealership should be open in bagalkote city because most of innova car is available in this city .
dealership service center should be open in gadag city it is very help for the customer .
location of the service center should be changed as the area available there is very small .
they not washing the car properly they should take more time wash the car properly they wash car very fast finished there wore they should clean properly .
no improvement require
dealership branches should be in nearby location .
location is very far so location of dealership should be near to our home .
current location is out of city so it should be inside the city area so that people will not face difficulties and work will be completed soon .
service center should be increase . now service center is 7 8 km away from my home .
within our location
as location is away so when we call them they should come and took car for servicing . workshop should be at showroom place .
dealership location is far away . they should have workshop in khar , parle in santacruz .
they should have canteen facility in dealership area .
need to open service center in patana village .
service center should available within 5 km . in overall pune city there is available only one dealer . it will be easy if one more dealer available .
location should be in front of nishandine and from the location drop facility should be available .
location is on very far distance for me . other everything is proper .
dealership locations is quite far .
near by their should be an service center even it should be under location .
i have mailed feedback about all this about service station and washing but there is no impact of that from last 2 years \? company people saying that we will start service station here as well but they didn \? t do anything so we are dissatisfied . if we have service station here , then everything will be solved . service should be available at 24 hours and navsari area have many toyota vehicles . they don \? t have parts too customer have to visit vapi for parts and more 150 kilometers we have to travel .
dealership location is outside of road it is difficult to customer so they should dealership located to inside of road .
no improvement require . all are fine
its location is not suitable for us . the dealership should be in bokaro .
location is very long so they should give drop facility to customer .
it should be in victon express highway because currently it is in linkingroad . during the time of we go their and come we get lot of traffic . it should be available near by tata showroom .
it is very far from the town almost 20 km . when we go their we have to pay toll of rs 150 200 .
it is far away for us . it would be better if it will at vardha road . it should be available within 5 to 10 km .
dealership location is little far it should be near to us . if it will be in varacha then it will be better for us .
it takes lot of time to reach the bus stop from the dealership . there is no other source of travelling over there . so they should arrange a car for the customers to reach the bus stop .
it should be in dharpeth around 6 7 km .
toyota should open a new dealership at parkstreet area .
service station is too far it should be nearby us so it will be good . dealership location is out of surat city .
they should improve on the location as it should be in mogappair city .
in the whole vidharbh there is only one dealership available including 12 district . hence if someone purchased car from another district they are facing problem for the car servicing . for these should arrange one proper camp or should start the new service center in other district . we staying at gondiya and nagpur is around 150 km from gondiya . for the servicing we have to go nagpur it will take complete day for up down . just increase the service center .
dealership location should near by our home .
location should make near by it is out of area . service center should be in borivali .
location is far for me because i am staying in morvi . location should be in morvi .
dealership location at 45 km in between there is no other dealer . it should available at malappuram district . because the amana is 25km away from the malapuram . so it should be available in middle of the malappuram bias pass or main road . both are convenient . it should be available in proper malappuram .
dealership location is very long in my city so they should open service center in nearby city .
jaysree sattelite dealership is located in durgapur , it will be good if toyota opened a dealership in asansol which is 10minutes walking distance from my residence .
it is very far for us . it is outside city . they should be in nausara area and should be within 4 5 kms
location timing need to be proper . there is many vehicles in morabi still there is no dealership of toyota in morabi .
its far away from city . anywhere it should be available but it should be in city . should locate in albet anywhere near by 12 15km .
we are staying in varchha area but there is not service center i this area . varchha is very big area still there is not service center available in this area . we have to take our car for servicing to hajirta or adajan area which is far for us and we have to face some issues while returning back to home if we have to put car at the dealership we have to travel by auto . we think that toyota should organize new dealership in varchha road or in varchha area .
it is very difficult to reach the service center to take the car after servicing as it is very difficult to get any bus or other transport . they should make some arrangement of transport .
only one location is there in my city . so i have to go around 30 km . it should be in pala and within 20 kms .
i need to travel 300km up down to take the service for my car . so it is very difficult for us to travel .
service station is far away for us . we have to send our man otherwise 1 day get passed . their should be an one service station near us . on navratri .
location is far but even they should get some place for dealership . everyone having issue but they cannot shift their location only for me .
currently the dealer location is in the crowded area , there is number of vehicles around the showroom because of which we are facing problem while turning the cars . if the dealer location will be in the spacious area than it would be good . like in place where there is less crowd . while taking u turn we would not face any problem
the dealership location is very far from the place where i live as it is 18 km away . so it would be better if the distance would be near about 5 km away .
location far away from my home . in south goa there is only one service center available . in madgaon they should open one service center so it would be easy for us to visit
location should be in mallapuram or in manjiri . the dealership is having 8 9 km far away from malapuram . mallapuram is a big district .
location is far . if it is at mahu road , then it would be good . if we go in current location place our other work does not happen .
it takes 1 . 5 hours in traffic to reach the dealership so if it is somewhere in the outer area in sengalpatta then it would be convenient .
they should be nearest to us . it should be in addapal and motipuram and it should be within 5 to 10 kms
the showroom is in the city are far away from our area about 20 to 25km long . there are no shops available near to that areas that we can buy something to eat . if someone come to keep the car for servicing than there should be cab facility available which will drop the customer to their place . like in mentioned areas \? pitopur , mango or pitampura \? because it is near to the market area .
dealership location should be near .
the dealership location has so much crowd they should do something for it .
we come till the main road but from there to reach the dealership road is not very good as it is full of mud . so when we bring the vehicle after washing it , again it is dirty due to incorrect road .
location is not proper i am not satisfied . locating is far away . location should be near currently it is far away 150km . make available in karavali district . service center should be in madhur .
it would be convenient in the dealership location should be near the bus stop .
no improvement require all are fine
this dealership is in the outer area of tirunelveli . instead it should be in the city so that it would be comfortable .
location of infinium is 60 kilometer far from bhuj city . it will be good if any service station can arranged in bhuj .
recently i am staying in surendra nagar vapi . infinium dealership is located one is in ahmadabad and another one is in rajkot so out of this 2 wherever we want to go it took half and hour or one hour to reach dealership .
location is 10 kilometer far from rajkot . rajkot is near but dealership should be open at jamnagar . they can also open dealerships in areas like jamnagar , beguni , dwarka or porbandar this all are near to us .
there is less space for parking the car in lanson koyambedu . after bringing the car for servicing they say that there is no space for parking the car they tell us to park the car in lanson toyota nandanam es which is in kollour village . instead they should make arrangement for space for parking .
dealership location should near by our home .
first thing is we have to search location . in traffic hours we have to go out of area so location should be locating in morbi or palighar area .
my car was damaged so i took it to the harsha thiruvallur satellite dealership but after looking at the car they asked me to take it to vellapanchavati . they should have all the services done as it is done in vellapanchavati . this should be improved . they should give all the services from painting and all .
location is out side it would be good if it would be in city .
dealership location is too long in my area so they should drop facility give to me .
dealership location should be nearby my area is there so iam very happy .
dealership location is too much far from surat . we face issue because it is far .
need to open the toyota dealership at manjeri place that would be much better to its customers .
no improvement require all are fine
they should repair the service road as service road had water logging either they should shift the service center on the main highway .
dealership should be available itself in the city , previously there was available but now they had closed the unit . we have to travel 20 km if there is any issue related to nut bolt
no improvement require all are fine
infinium gandhidham is far from bhuj city so it increases our expense for traveling . it wastes our diesel . there should be service center in bhuj because from bhuj service center is 75 80 kilometer far . 3 4 hours we have to sit there . it is very costly for us to do servicing . this should be improving at dealership .
the dealership location available at ratlam area so it should be available at mansoor area .
dealership is far from us it should be near to customer . if dealership will be in porbandar then it will better for us .
they should mention the name of service center on the board .
within 1 km from my house it would be good for me to reach there . the place is near thrissur vaikom area .
service station is very far from bhuj we visit at least twice in a month to service station so it should be near . we don \? t think it will be improved . we face issue to travel because i live in bhuj and the place from where i have purchased this car is 50 60 kilometer far so we have to visit there . they should give service in bhuj twice in a month and it should be inform to us when they come for service in our city . service station is very far from here so it is difficult to travel because we have to in working days . in my area at least 300 400 toyota vehicle is there .
location is far for me . where i am staying location of infinium is 60 kilometer far from there so it should be nearby pour place because in our city there is many vehicles of toyota brand and everyone have to travel 60 70 kilometers .
dealership location should be near .
dealership locations is too far thus the dealership should locate in city area currently the dealership is located in tirur place .
location is very long to area . there is far away from kakud town so it \? s shifted semnad area , near to middle of kaswasd town and vijay nagar area .
because there now only one dealership center in palakkad which so far from my residence if you arrange one more dealership in palakkad and vattapalav it is help for the customers .
dealership should locate in city place .
service center is 530 to 550 far away from my home . they should pick car from my home and deliver it at home within 7 days after the service . it should located in kasargod city , place chemanna otherwise in uppala .
it should be good to near to calicut town . accessories department is not there staying in the cauromer areas . the place of the product which to high . the same product i get from out side the of get amara toyota space . i both from of out side . if it is 100 , i buy from out side it will be 500 only .
dealership center should be in erode city like it should be in the distance of 4 to 5 km in the city .
the entrance of dealership is not in good condition so it should be improve and location should be nearby .
nanavati surat is near to us but workshop is not in our places even having many toyota owner in our town . they give pick up and drop service but location should be here in our area .
rajendra dealership road is congested they should be improved . road should be spacious .
location of the dealership is out of the city . they drop us to the city from the dealership center . but we need to take auto to reach main city from there which costs us 150 to 200 rs . it would be ok if they charge this amount in the bill but should drop us till city main instead of city .
at the dealership location there is no available body shop . so we have go kondapur for body shop . they have to provide the body shop at harsha toyota nizampet
my house is in tuticorin but service center is located in tirunelveli to travel from my home to dealership it takes 2 hours of duration . if service center will be locate at tuticorin then it will save lots of our time .
the dealer location is far away from my area it is 14 km away . so it should be available at podigaru vatapattamam road it is half km nearby my home .
dealership location should near by of our home
they have 2 dealerships but regarding naroda is not proper and clear in location .
the dealership location should be available at margaon city .
location of the dealership is in pondicherry so it should be in town area .
location maybe convenient for you but we do not get anything to eat while waiting for servicing . when asked to them they say this is not available or that is not available . so if the location is in the outside the city would be better .
everything is good but dealership location is too long in my area so they should open dealership in bangalore whitefield city .
location should be convenient for us . canteen facility is not available there so food facility should be available for the drivers .
location is very far for me so this is problem we have because service center is in gandhidham and after every 100000 kilometers i have to visit to service center . service center should be in bhuj .
location should be in varachha they don \? t have service or go down at varachha area . surat is big city but there is only 1 2 service station which is 35 40 kilometer and we have to travel in traffic and it takes while day for service . service station should be on jakat naka area .
dealership location is too long in my area so they should be open in graphic road marthalli city .
we need to travel 200 km to reach anaamalai . we need to come long way to get service so they should arrange the service center somewhere in kanyakumari .
location should be improve and location should be near .
no improvement require all are fine
rod is broken and it should be opened on main road . it is too inside
location of the dealership is in the outer area which is very far so it should be in the city main .
we have car at daud so we don \? t have showroom here for everything we have to visit baroda city so location should be near to our place .
the showroom should be located inside of kowdiar city .
location issue is there . it is somewhat difficult to find out it . should give pick up and drop facility to customers without charges so it will be easy for customers . should have enough space for car repairing . it should be easily accessible and the dealer ship which is having in chembur are it is different than other areas .
the dealership location is is 7 km far away from my location . location should be available at valapattanam area .
there should be service center in western line area like andheri
they have to open a branch at kasaragoda city . because of lots of toyota productions in our place they should open a dealership kasaragod shambhosh nagar , charkala in between national highway .
it is far from our home due to which we have to leave our car in the showroom and come . the showroom should be near to city
no improvement require all are fine
locations should be increased . service centers should be at worli near town side .
i cannot tell how can the improvement be done
if we see overall everything is complete . only we have to visit bharuch 15 20 kilometer so it should be in ankaleshwar . otherwise i am ok with that i can go to bharuch too .
dealership location should be located in allapi near by the town alanaputtam .
location of dealership should be improved . i have showroom near to my place but there is no repairing center so they should focus on this . in my area there is many people have toyota car and sales is also high of toyota in my location . service station need in our area with showroom . we have many working toyota cars in our area . both service stations in surat are near to each other and our area is 15 17 kilometers far from my area .
no improvement require all are fine
the dealership is too far from the place hence they need to locate their dealership near to city place that will be easy to its customers .
the service center should be available in town area . it is 15 16 km far away from the town . dealership location should be in rampur or kukkur city .
it is very far . it should be in nearby areas
we have only one service center . they should add one more in pathanamthitta .
dealership is far from my house it would be better if come in thodibuia near municipality area .
it would be better if the location would be available nearby my home . last time they told me they would be nearby my home . it should be available at koturekara or at punnarlu
location should be near
nippon toyota is almost 16 km from my place . dealership should be there near by my place i . e . manelikra kayamkulam .
location should be in wide area \( spacious \) .
it should be nearby locality .
compound should be increase . space is less . facing issue while taking car turn . it will be great if the parking facility will be available .
location is minimum 70 km far the second one is 100 km so comparatively that is near . but the location should be around 10 km away .
location should be available in kottarakkara within the 10km . now its available in 30km .
it would have been good if the service center would be beside their office . in central area or in worli . it would be good if they have their pickup service . i don \? t know more as i have not tried it .
service center should be in pathankot as i drive 100 kms for reaching the service center .
dealership should be open in city center because in this dealership location is outside of city .
there location is very far from our area . one service center should be available in katappana in municipal area . there is no dealership in irriki district area .
outlet branches i . e . dealership need to be increased .
we are just asking to change the location it is not in town it is in rural area in kananad
dealership location should be improve .
dealership located in 3 places that is raypur , bilaspur bhilai if one place is working right now that is bilaspur . we have to travel a lot to go to service station . i don \? t know why they have closed dealerships . this is city but from last 1 year there are no dealership and we were not getting service .
they should be open dealership in attavalli hosur area .
dealership location is not more convenient from my home 2 dealership are there but both are more than 25 kilometer far . location must be improving it should be in kondatti or malappuram . malappuram showroom is 17 kilometer away from city . exact to airport .
my home is on highway road and dealership located in out of city . from my place dealership location is too far . after giving our vehicle for service it is hard to get transportation like bus or taxi from dealership area to reach our home so dealership area should be locating in city .
they should open dealership in pala .
the service center is far from my home it is madurai . so the toyota service center should be available at karamandal city
in chirur the showroom is available . they should also open the showroom in pondani location
should do improvements in dealership location
location is 1 . 5 hours far from our place . they have to organize one dealership in ne district . they should open more outlet in eastern part from where they can cover 2 3 district near border . i am in middle part of kerla nippon is locate in western area . they don \? t have any branches in western 5 areas so they should open nippon dealership in western area . it can locate in rajirapalli area because most of people use toyota here . i have noticed more than 100 toyota vehicles here .
it is very far it is 15kms far from the \? kollam \? city . you can \? t find out
location is far from our place , if we give our car for serving than we have to leave our car there and come we can \? t bring the car with us . if pickup drop facility will be available then it would be good . in pottai district nippon service center should be available .
location is ok but not for me , my home is 25km far from the location so i face difficult to go . location should be available in vadkanjery district trichur
number of dealership location should be increased . service center should be near to my home
it \? s too far from my house . thus the toyota dealership should locate the dealership in place thodupuzha
actually location is 30 kilometer far . according to me convenient place for dealership should be kottakal because this is only 10 kilometer far from here . vengara is also good location for dealership but this is not big town .
dealership location is far out of city . location is 1 12 kilometer far from the main city . i think location must be locating near to the down itself . only 5 kilometer will be good for me . i can prefer if location will be in town . there is no much place to build dealership like this in city but it should be in eragipalam .
the current location is in the outer area so it should be in the town area .
they should shift the dealership in suitable area .
the dealership is very far from the place where we live . dealership in palakkad area should be in the distance of 5 km .
location should be near about vashi area . it is in midc area so it \? s far . location should be on main sion panvel highway .
location of the shop should be on the road . location of 67 service center should be on the main road .
should be improved the service quality and dealership location should be nearby .
from my place to service center we have to travel to 25 to 30 km so it should be available nearby town area
from my place if have to go service center then we have to drive 50 km it is far away . in the palakkad only one service center is available . so they should arrange the service center at sonnur , pattambhi , perunthurmanna so it will be comfortable to us .
location was very far and village is khola due to this facing lots of problem . we have to drive 15 20 km . it should be in 2 3 km area of your dealership . it is 20 25 km far away . it should be available around 2 3 km aare under the dealership .
it will shifted to accessible area . it would actually every one get easily . near in the city or near to high way is good . if its situated to mawoo road it \? s a heart of city to it will be good .
dealership is location is located in far away place . they can locate the dealership in kattappana or kumily place .
dealership location i will tell you in my opinion it \? s too far bit for other person it may near . for me location is 30 35 kilometer far from my home . it should be near 20 kilometer but it \? s not in city . it should be in city proper . place of location should be kutulli , kullamangalam or pottamal .
other service centers are nearby our place but toyota service is some more far from our place .
from my place to service center we have to travel to 25 to 30 km so it should be available nearby town area
dealership should be available in tamarsheri so it will be good for us .
space should be increased , the place were we deliver the car should be expanded . if the car is been serviced it can be removed easily from the place whose ever car deliver is late they can remove there car afterwards . otherwise we have to wait till the front car moves . in left hand side where the watchman sit they should make that area where you can keep new vehicles from there they can provide the vehicle to there clients . because at the front side they park bikes .
it is very inside of area so the people are not aware . it should be available in market area .
location should be near by dealership center .
dealership service center should be near by village .
dealership location is at erode its outer town . it should in town .
location should be in market . bikaner station is so far . there is no restaurant no hotel over there .
the dealership can locate their dealership in aalangudi place
dealership location should be improve . it should be have in center because location is very far .
dealership location and showroom is far away from town \( muvatupuzha \) , when i gave my car for servicing i do n't have any option to return back to my home , so they should provide some service for customer to return back to town .
there is no space for parking only space for 2 wheeler parking 4 wheeler parking also . we have to park car in front so there should shade available over there
if a dealership will be open near bypass of nagaon , then it would be better .
dealership location is inside . if it will be located on the road then it will be better .
the dealership is located in a village area . it is not located on high road . if it could be located in diamond harbor 's road locality then it would be better .
location should be charged because there is a single road road is not good .
location is very far like 20km far away . if i want to do servicing of my car . i have to take leave . if service center is on daily road like 10km far away then it will be good . they are going to open one service center at azartganj but opened yet .
dealership location is very far , it should be on the high way it will be good showroom should be attach with the service center .
dealership location should be near to my khetpur village .
there is only 2services center in lucknow 's rush is more . their should be one more service center because both of them in service center in different corner . so their should be at least one services center at sitapur road .
service centre is very far is my city . if it is in hebbala metro circle it will be very helpful for me .
the location of dealership need to improve . if a service center will be open in kharagpur then it would be better . so many peoples of here are interested to but car but due to the distance of service center they steps back . if a service center will be open near kharagpurpur then not only the peoples of kolkata others peoples of different region will be able to buy car . if dealership will not open but at least if a service center will be open here , then the sales of toyota will be increases . due to the distance of service center peoples ca n't buy car .
the dealership location should be improve . there should be one map on road because we have to search it a lot or they can hang one board so it will be easy to find out location .
new service center should be open . in between kanjrallipali earuttubita . in kerala one service center is their . one dealership should be their in idukki .
i stays at nava sari i have to visit rathod vapi , nanavati or surat for servicing . if you have service center in nanavati then it will be good for me because rathod vapi is 90km far away , nanavati surat 45km far away from my home .
the location of the dealership is inside . if it will be located on the bypass site , then it would be better .
dealership location should be near by kunnamkulam . if gurueayoor temple will be nearby it will be fine .
infinium vadodara center is very far . while taking the car bring the car . it is very difficult but everything is fine . for picking dropping car services should be available , as it is so far .
one service center should be open at batala
they have better place near by town area . i form my home to this place far away 11 kilometer . so exact location should be have 5 kilometer range for my house i . e . near by alavakkode for chandranagar
they should increase their service centres , in near by location like teribram , kucheery , vadagra etc . because their current service center is so far near 70 kilometre our place
there should be service center located in jam nagar . so that we would not have to travel to porbandar . dwarka is near by . ahmedabad rajkot it is there . if showroom would be open in jam nagar porbandar then it would be good . now a days toyota company has there service center every were .
belgaum service center is very far from me . hence one more service center should be opened at chikkudi
jay ganesh toyota center there is no much service to provide use . at gungarh area their should be one services center . their are so many cars for going to the services center we have to use 100km petrol to go their . we go to rajkot for big servicing .
the location of dealership is inside . if the dealership will located in the area of allunga industry then it would be better .
there must be a glow sign board or a big sign board so that the people who are coming from kolkata can understand how u goes for saini toyota . those people who are coming from kolaghat , they can know now this is take turn and now you go this way , so you can go to saini toyota . from where you can take turn , from there if a road sign will give or arrange something so that we can know from here we can go to saini toyota .
they should improve in dealership location as in manjeeri or nilambur now it is located in nirander malappuram
work shop should be open near ponto sahib city .
dealership is far away from pondicherry and located near kadalur have to travel around 15 km it reach dealership and its very difficult to whiling returning . so if the dealership is located in pondicherry or else in outer area of pondicherry will be more beneficial for us .
they should be available service center near by town only
location is outside from our village . its fir away it is available in city than it will be convenient for us
there is a traffic on nh road so dealership guard should inform the customer to go after words .
this location is inconvience . there should be pick drop facility . we are not getting vehicle drop facility also .
the exact location should be near my house mc road near to adichira , actually there lots of showroom like renolt , wolkswagon hundai honda everyone had there , soits actually easy me that place
dealership location is so far and congested traffic is more it should be on the bypass road it will be very good for us .
we are staying at kanyakumari but dealership location is at tirunelveli this is so far from kanyakumari . if dealership have branch at kanyakumari will be better .
the area of dealership must be large . this place is too small . others places are large . if it will be open in a large place then it would be better .
there is no food facility near by dealership location . if there would be , canteen in dealership it would be good .
dealership location should be in middle , it should be at gaurav pimple , in liva city there are only 2 4 centres , it should be in 5 k . m . if it should be near then everyone can do there work fast .
if the service center will be located at bhubaneswar 's area , then it would be better .
no improvement require
amana dealership calicut is 40 km . far away and apollo dealership which is started newly it is 3 km . far away . amana dealership are not providing water services but apollo dealership provide water services and extra services also .
food services are so far from dealership location . it should near by
location is far from our place . we want to go 100km long . it should be in pali .
they have to provide the dealership location near to the city otherwise they have to provide transport facilities .
dealership location is far away from 20km . we have to face many problems to go there no one knows were it is located . it should be located car by
service location area is very crowed also congested . hence it should be at outside the city . there parking area are very congested , showroom office should be at one corner place . when we are taking the car at servicing then their too much problems we met .
if dealership location is at kakkannad then it will be good of us .
location should be improved , it should be between kalyan and dombivli . millennium kamlyan toyota location is very far from me it should be in the city .
if dealership location is at velachery then it will be good of us .
dealership location should be in city .
please provide extra dealership in guwahati . from my hometown dealership location is very far . otherwise service is good .
no improvement require
if dealership location is in palakkad then it will be good of us .
dealership service center very far from me , it is far at 60km , hence one more dealership should be opened at kolar , that 's why i will be very happy .
location is so far . in parking facility we face lots of problem . it should be on main highway . nearby parking facility should be there . for motor cycle there is parking facility but for 4wheeler there is no facility . parking space should be there .
location having in a long distance . we has to go 50 kilometer far for servicing . in city should be open the toyota service center . in lucknow has service center but has so far for go there it take full one day . they should be open the service center in peraij . so we cannot go so far if they open the service center in a city then toyota customers are also increase .
they have to provide the . canteen and lunch facility for dealership location
dealership distance is very high , its create problem for us . there is only 3 center is entire ahmedabad .
dealership is located 15 km far away . have to change 2 bus to reach dealership . if the dealership will locate in thirumangai will be benefit for us .
dealership location is very far from my location . if its nearby our location that will be better . when we called for booking they are not attending the call but when i visit the dealership they said yes we missed your call . these needs to be improve .
the location of the dealership is too bad . after dropped the car in which way the customer can come back . so for this , they should keep a special car . otherwise if the location will change and it will be locate in sundargarde area then it will be better .
when i get outside of dealership , the road is not plain . if it will get improve , then it will be better .
amana kaunur is too far from my location around 25 30km and morning or evening . i pick up my vehicle and drop my vehicle , it is very difficult to travel through bus after dropping the vehicle . so , it should be located in talasory . so that it would be convenient for me .
the service center should be opened at city center at ring road or siddhartha layout it should be in between 5 km .
they should be located their another outlet thalaseery . this location is very convenient for me
dealership location has so far . in varacha should be have one more service center .
sharayu location should be in pune bhosari or otherwise it should be 2 to 3km distance .
dealership center should be far from the traffic area .
the location of the dealership is quite inside . if it will be located in the outside then it will be better . if the location will be at banpur then it will be better .
they should be improve in location and also provide a late out servicing location should be having inside of city there has only one service centre , should be having two service center
they should available service in payyanur in kannur district in kerala . payyanur is knowing town multiple town . so it is convenient to us .
dealership location i lived at srirampur which is too far from topsel em bypass dealership . it would be good if toyota open a dealership in howrah srirampur . i purchased the car from topsel toyota so that i took the servicing from there .
the location of the dealership is in the industrial area , it is black dusty area . if it will be locate at ms side , then it will be better .
nippon toyota kalamassery is 20 25km far away from my location as it is well flagged and well equipped and as kodgingilus is also place where they could locate by but i am not sure whether the service center is already there \( 20km \) , they could locate in parur \( 8km \)
there are many dealership , which are of many types . there should be a dealership service center near to my resident location . it is comfortable if it is like 30 40 km away from resident but not like 80 90 km .
i am staying at dealership location sector 47'' dealership location very far from me . if dealership location is at ''sona road it will be very good for me .
surat city service centre is very far there should be one service centre at highway side
location of the dealership should be improved . at vadakkara dealership should be made available .
near by delhi , haryana are service centre should be open . service centre is very far from our residence .
location is outside area . it should be in jabalpur area .
no improvement require
we do work in routing servicing dsk . sharayu is so far for us . we stay in kotharud . sharayu center is opposite to use . it should be in pune south or west .
dealership location was long for us . it should behave in city because dealership has 20 km far to the city . dealership should be has in nearby bhavan talkies in kamlanagar area .
they have to shift the dealership location some other place instead of in the high way
service center location is placed in dust area it should be in nh or sh area .
lanson dealership is located in outer area . after dropping it is very difficult to return back . if the service center located in highways then will be good .
this dealership is at ruby but i lived at park circus so that every time it 's difficult for me to visit the dealership , if it could be located at airport area then it good for me . now follow up call and others processing time is increased which earlier was done within3 days . should increased the employees .
there current location was far for me near 30km and 40km . if the open there service center kottamanglam . in outside are of kottamanglam town is really convenient for us them also . it will be convenient for near by located customers also
it should be near by city and it should be near by it .
in the service center which the washing boys are there they have to give clear instruction to them of the cleanliness .
delearship location should be anagul area
they should be open the service center in the kanpur city .
lanson dealership was inner side . if it is in nearby highway then it will be good .
location should be improved . we have to go 18 kilometer far and one service center should be open in the city because it is so far from the highway .
there is only one showroom in 200 km range . sunday is closed my car oil was deem so it have to faced problem 200 km is so far .
dealership service center is very far from me , hence , one more dealership opened at chitradurga it will be very help for me . i will not necessary for going to far dealership
dealership center is very far from me , also 15 km from me . if it is balladur , it will be near to me . hence one more dealership should be opened at balladur city .
in kuddapah , they have to increase the staff and area and they should be maintain surroundings clean .
surat nanavati location is far away . distance is more . inside in city there should be one service center .
the location of the dealership should be situated in town of shilling . highland shillong dealership is outside of shillong .
dealership location should be near be .
the dealership is far away from my location . it should be situated in town area .
dealership service center is very far from me . it should be at balladur also 5 km distance for me , it will be help for me .
there should be service center opened at kathuva udhampur .
their location is 15 km far from my home . if it would be near salt lake area , then it would be better for us .
no improvement require
dealership location should be nearby to the city
dealership location is in between to salem namakkal . if it is in salem then it will be good .
i am in tuticorin dealership in tirunelveli . there is no proper transportation facility to reach my home . so if we have dealership in tuticorin it will be better .
at jalandhar nakodar has be open one service center it is good for us
there should be more service center there is not a single service center in junagadh there should be a service center on all 2 km .
the servicing center should be at white field
dealership location should be near in the city .
dealership its far away from my place so if its available in city it would be convenient for me .
there is very good experience of jaipur and patna service center but alvar service center is far away . there is lot of dust to rich over there car full of dust need updating over there infrastructure should improve .
dealership service centre is 20km far away from kanpur . it should be 10 km
there current location is in koikor it is so far for me it is upto 50 km far . if they open their service center in kunndamaglam thamarassery both the locations were on high way touch this location is very convenient to me other customers also current location is so far then we ca n't go it we have any small issue in our car because for that we need to penal one whole day .
if service center avail at jharsuguda at bypass then it will be better as present service center located far away 100km from town , .
annamalai dealership was very far away , so if its nearby kanchipuram it will be good .
service center location is far , if it available with in burger nh side then will be better .
service center is far away for us . if it 's available at mgf road then it is convenient for us .
dealership location must be located near by area . uludhumalaipettai there is a dealership location but it is very far for us i . e . 80km . it should be near then it is happy for us .
dealership location was for away from erode near about 10 km , so for every minor problem we have to visit this so on toyota showroom only if they have technician for main issue to resolve it will be good .
location is too far , as we have to go 100km . it should be improved . they have to open service center on kds city or else they must provide travelling expenses like toll expenses or else driver expenses .
dealership location must be there near by ludhiana city .
the location should be near to our place . it 's far from our site . that place is very crowded and always traffic problem we have to face .
from city location is very far . it should be in the city . from 3 to 4 km it should be nearest from dwarka .
dealership location is very far from me , it is far from 80 kms . hence i am not interesting going there . i am staying at mandya . it should be at mysore or mandya .
dealership location should be at in between kandivali borivali or if it is at dahisar then also it will ok .
dealership location should be improved . i brought the vehicle from kozhikode dealership . new dealership should be made available kohianady area .
it present dealership location is far away it should be with in panikoili area which is more better for all customers .
there is no restaurant or food available nearby . dealership or they did n't have there canteen . so should open one canteen . 4 5 hours waiting time for servicing .
dealership location is near by city only
i live in dindugul but the dealership is located in madurai . it take around 1 hour to reach dealership . there is showroom in dindugul there must a least one service center .
amana toyota dealership location is at thalacherry then it will be good . kanoor amano toyota dealership location is 25 km for away .
they have to provide the service center inside the city .
dealership should improve their location calicut 55km away for me . so they should made available a new dealership at pudhiya angaadi .
annamalai dealership is located in outer area . if it is located in kinadhykidav area then it will be good .
dealership location should be nearest to us . and dealearship location should be in agra or lucknow .
presently located service center in 10km away from town , if it placed within town area it will be better .
i lives in katiar . katiar is 200km far away from here . if a dealership will be open in katiar or purniar , then it will be better .
dealership should be forester to moby . rajkot dealership is very for away it is problematic for us
dealership location is far away from city . other showrooms are near by . it is 10 15 km far away near by to city . we have to take some one or send some one for pickup drop . so they should give pickup drop service to us .
the dealership location north east side is there . we should travel by 30 to 40 km . so dealership location should be there in sivagangai are thuthukudi , chennai main road .
the dealership location is 110 km far from my house . i want to go for chennai . i should be there in near sengalpatt . it should be better for us .
we stayed at bhimavaram . so we have to visit rajahmundry dealership it is 100 km from bhimvaram . they are providing the service at rajahmundry in every saturday only . if we informed about the spare parts in this week . they will provide it in the next week . they have to provide the dealership service center at bhimavaramu for customers satisfaction
there should be service station in between 100 or 200 km for dealership location .
dealership location should be 20 to 25 km . which the dealership location is there in amravati there they not done work properly . they should be give training to the staff . that 's why we want to go nagpur for servicing car .
dealership location should in nagor .
for customer dealership location is very far . for them they had to cross from ashapur to banaras for servicing . that why ashapur chauraha on gajipur road should be had at the service center .
location board should be more .
servicing center location be in nodia sector 18 . so they do n't want to go far .
service center must be there at parbhani . we have to visit to nanded , aurangabad , latur because there is no service center at parbhani . service center should be at bhasmat road or dinkar road .
highland shilong situated at outside city . highland shilong should situated at inside of city between 20km of our house .
dealership location must be there near by highway and must be provided by outside road .
if dealership location at thalacherry then it will be good . i stay at paanoor . so i face problem to go to kanoor .
dealership location is far . at jaipur road were all the dealership are their like maruti it should be also there only .
dealership location is very for away if it is in jamnagar or rajkot city so it will good for me .
the dealership service center is very far from me . i think one dealership center opened at yelhanka , it will be good and also help for me .
if toyota showroom is near to our location then it is better for us
the dealership in pattukottai , can be in tanjour it will be better because we have to travel 2 hours
annamalai dealership is locate for in outer area . if it is locate in main area in indirapuram or pollachi it is will good for us .
connected location must be there from dealership location service center persons .
dealership location as 55 60 km for pickup drop facility should be there near bus stop .
service center is very far from me , one more service center should be opened at ooty road or airport road , then it wiill near at city , also good for me .
location of service center should be at city side , it is not at center location . service center should be at garware eco point satpur . it should be at 5 km . distance
dealership location should be in conjunction area .
dealership location is not nice place . this location is not good , they should be available more and more service center at convenient location for straight road . so they should be charge somewhere else like they should located in yedakudda town or near to kodungallur area .
they should improve location . there is nothing nearby . there should be market nearby so customer feel good . its looking like dessert .
service center location is very far from in city . when we are taken away our car at service center then we are taken with us one person and also we are taken back our cars then also we are taken with us one person . their not get the auto rickshaw . service center should be at jaipur road . jaipur bypass service center far from us . hence , should be pick up and drop facility .
dealership center very far from me . one more dealership opened at atthibelle it will be good for me . this side tamilnadu peoples were come .
dealership location is at remote place inside , it should be located at main road .
no improvement require
dealership is far away we have to run 15 to 17 km . something they provide pickup drop facility . we do n't have issue in that if it is available in city then it should be convenient
dealership location should be in city . at least it should be within 2 3km .
dealership location is far from bathinja city .
dealership location as 7 km for . it should be near bomvaom .
in all the ways improvement is needed . in committed time they are not providing the service . it is too far from location and they are having a high attitude .
the showroom which is inaugurated in asansol , this is so insides area , so that one ca n't understand that there is a showroom of toyota . there is no arrangement for tea in waiting area . if stay for 5 hrs , then also you ca n't get tea or coffee . nearest shop is not available we have to go so far for that . they must open the showroom in main road .
there is no proper gate , should be improved
dealership must located in thanjavur it is located at kumbakonam area .
location is very far and sign board should be kept
they have to provide the dealership location near by area
dealership location far from fazillka abher it should be nearest it will be good . other wise it should open in ferozpur city . because it is very far from radisrt ferozpur service center .
there should be one dealership location at pavas area in mahakali palace .
in kurukshetra also there should be service center .
there location is not good . there has no any facility like food location has 10 12 km far to the city in service center has no facility of canteen that 's why servicing center should be has 4 5 km to the city
dealership should be nearby . in big city ananda toyota center should be open .
at dealership location very far from me it is far , from 45 to 50km . it should be near for me , i will be very helpful .
dealership location should be like this , if the car is given for servicing they should immediately provide the bill .
for the customer house the servicing center is far . from 20 to 25 km is far . servicing center is in outer area . it should be in city like gomathi nagar or banaras area .
one more dealership is opened at vijayanagar or yashavanthapura it will be near to me .
dealership location is outside of city . it should be inside the city .
dealership should be at shankermate road .
there should be one service center at baitul .
dealership is so far dealership location center should be at dehradun .
service center should be near by highway .
dealership location should be at erode , otherwise it should be at nearby outer erode .
dealership location has in after area . its should be have near by city . because it have long from city to 10 to 15 km . so they at least should be happened 4 to 5 km long from this city
dealership location is 15 km far way from city it should be on the city because from coming there we gated problem .
they should put one board in national highway
now , a days cost of cars increased , most of customer purchasing innova fortune . at haldwani showroom only one in big commercial cities , hence sales and servicing at increased . i am servicing my car after two years . at least one more showrooms should be there . so all cities covered like jodhpur , kashipur and ramnagar . all customer not possible to went at haldwani , it is in conducted area and also not good at location . it should be opened at service center at kashipur , jodhpur and ramnager we are not required went at haldwani . i do n't want taken away my car at hadwani service centere , but i forced to went away . most of time i am servicing my car at private service centre . if i went at muradabad but at road is not proper hence we will taken 45 minutes , but their only properly servicing our car . kashipur is big city hence in future should be opened at one service centre .
dealership service centre is very far from me . one more dealership should be opened in 8 km between at bellary . it will be very help for me . at bellary not not only dealership centre .
nippon toyota service center main gate road is very busy road customers were not easily entered in the location of service center also in service center same as when customers were exit from the service center that time road is very unsafe for the customer .
dealership location should be improved . one more service center should be nearby surat varchha .
harsh dealership is there in chennai but there are so less and many of them are outside one more harsh dealership should be there in ecr or omr road it will be good .
servicing center is located opposite side . we are facing problem for visiting purpose . it is located far for city . service center must be located at ramghat road talanagar .
location should be nashik road . it should be 5 to 7 km .
at dealership location is very far from me . we are travel 15 kms , at the dealership centre . one more dealership should be at pondicherry town or pondicherry outer it should be there .
dealership needs to open a canteen because we do n't get any foods nearby that area . so if they open it will be better .
one little workshop should be at phypumu kanpur road
service center is 150 km for away . it should be at jalana or here there is toyota showroom so service center should here only .
we come from marai malai nagar it takes around 2 hours to reach . if it is located in the main area i . e . nearby thambaram then will be good .
service centre should be little bit near it has long way like it 's happen in banaras lahore tara .
there are many pot holes on the way of service center road conditions not so good the road from kharadi or road via hadapasar towards service center is also not so proper .
chennai nandhanam dealership to located in one way road . it is not visible from road if it is skipped the dealership have to take very long route to find dealership . it is very difficult to find dealership
if dealership location is at palakkad town then it will be good .
i live in kovilpatti but the dealership are in tirunelveli , madurai and virudhunagar . all these location are very far . must open at least one service centre in kovilpatti .
dealership location should be near to my home .
service centre should be near the highway this service centre is long from my home an shop service centre should be happen inside the city otherwise they should be increase pickup and drop service centre has 5km far this should be happen at least 2 and 3 km and also there have less drivers
we live in nagercoil kanniyakumari but the dealership is in tirunelveli . i have to travel around 100 kms to reach dealership . if there will be a service centre in nagercoil , then it is beneficial to us . they have showroom but no service centre .
harsh dealership should be there in ecr road or ladyar it will be good .
in karad district many people use toyota brand . i stay at karad dsk is 50 km far away . so there should be one service station of toyota as i think .
major accident service not done here , have to go 60 70 km driving to durgapur which hazardous . we wish to complete major servicing with all type of service here , except that all other service of toyota is good , only to avoided to go durgapur . staff should increase , for that they are all busy to move here and there to solve many customer 's problems , all men want advantages ,
dealership location is 8 10 km far away from the city . for small small things i have to go there it waste of time . and i have to wait there till servicing done . so many hours have to wait there . pick up drop facility not available there . so they should provide drop facility to me .
dealership location should be but bus facility . it is very far from me . i will go at time , i changed two buses .
the service center do not have the proper facility . it was small so it 's needs to be arrange as soon as possible
dealership location should be in faridkot district .
dsk satara location is outside it is 70 km far away . city is 10 km far away from service center . if i want to visit dealership then i have to arrange another car and i have to tell my friend to drop me there . i have to spend 1 2 hours by watching tv , newspaper at service center .
the dealership location is in madurai but we are staying in theni podi , it was so far from our residence . we have to travel every time to madurai . if it is nearby theni then it will be good \?
dealership at out of my city it is 10 km far from me . it should be at near by yashavanthpura .
location was so loan if we want go to their . so i half to pay to patna city and aara road . and aara road has mahindra service centre . thier has also should be toyota centre , if it not happened before toal naka . then we not have toal
dealership location should be change and national highway connectivity should be change
the location turns away from them he lives in bhoisar and is the servicing center in mira road . the service center is available in boisar and palghar .
saraswat center is too far . i had to go this much far and in vapi they are not returning car . as soon , they are taking 2 3 days after servicing .
when they call us they tell us to come at 3o'clock but when we go their they tell come in the morning . it is not possible to go in the morning .
if dealership open in noida then it will be good for us because traffic is more over there .
service center should be open in samana because pioneer patialo was 60km long from my home .
chaudhary dealership location is out of area . and on danger highway that road is not good . it is out of city . so like hyundai service center your service center should be also in city .
if dealership should be have in south west delhi dwarka , then its good for us .
it 's away from 100 km so if it is nearby dharmapuri then it will be good
their should be improvement in toyota dealership location service center little improve . i stay in bhandup i want to go kurla . location should be increase because it are very far away .
they should be make near by the local on and also open the new showrooms in new showrooms in new sectors
they should open one side dealership at yavat because we have to go 40km far away to visit dealership .
which location have sunny toyota , it should be improve like not an one sunny toyota should personally open own service center in east and west also so both side of people goes their and also their load will reduce every day 65 70 car servicing done which person come in morning who return in everything instead of small work car are sale an everyday so people want service center that \? s why service center should be open their which day diagnose which is not proper it should be improve and overload should be reduce
we are in nagarcoil but dealership is in tirunelveli , so every time we have to travel near about 80 km , so if have dealership at nagarcoil then it will be too good . they told us that they already bought land at nagarcooil , so it was good news too .
dealership location is some what far . if should be half distance on that area only . like it self one new service center is opening but it should be nearest .
location is ok but it looks like village area . roads are damage for driving the car we face problem . if they makes the road properly it will be ok .
service center is 15km far away . there should be one branch in between from gangnagar or pogal road .
dealership location should near by village . where the office is their it should be on that place only .
dealership location is very far from me , it should be at hanuman garb , it will very good for me .
no improvement require
location should be far sultan pur we are going to dealership at 150km at sultan pur
one service center should be open at rudrapur area .
location is very far away . so they should make different segments for different car . all dealership are 10 12km far away so it should in 5 7 km distance .
location is very far for me . it should be at ghodbander \( thane \) road .
infinium toyota dealership if will be march with new reveal then it will be good . narola is 12 km from my home infinium new reveal also 12 km far away . when we visit for servicing we have to tell them for reclean . they are not cleaning properly .
dealership is located in the outer area . if located in main area i . e . near highway then it is good for us
dealership location should be nearby .
water management should be improved by government agency .
the location in generally not going to help me any way it would preferred its closer to the city its little bit far away to the city . either it should be closer in the city overall the straight highway or the international highway in kollam .
chowdhury jargon location is far away from village it should be nearby to city . it means it we want to visit service center there is no any facility or vehicle . we have to go with one vehicle or one person for return back to home auto facility also not available outer there .
dealership is 30km far away from me . and if drop car over there then there is no arrangement to come home . we have waste time . it should be in city area civil line like civil line or nearby sward up nagger .
service center is far away . there should open one service center at ambikapur district koria .
the location is far from 45km it should be nearby .
1 \) they have to provide the dealership location near the city . 2 \) we have to wait for 10 minutes for transport
there should be open one service center at gurgaon with showroom .
dealership location is far . it should be in greater noida its ok for us . its takes only 50 km of us .
i stay in shirur service center far away for me . i think there should be new showroom at pune nagar road so it will good for us .
dealership location is very far from me i . e . 40 km . it should be at nearby kalappalam it should be better .
their current location is so far from my area . they are opening their another service center is near to my area may be within one month they will open their service center . if they are open their another service center telitparamba this location is 20 km far from kannur and this location is convenient for the customers .
at dealership is very far from me , one more dealership should be opened at mysore , it will be near for me .
if they open their small service center in tilichaerry for general check up of car , washing of car etc .
they should be connectivity to traveling at dealership location . so that any one car drop there car over there like it should be at 2km only . there should be source of traveling .
they should change the location of service center and should available at angamally area , so it would be fine with us
the dealership location is far from 25km . it should be near , i will be good .
at dealership location is far from erode 12 to 13km . it should be better from between 4to 5km nearby erode .
at dealership location is very far from me . their pick up drop service till 20 km . it should be improved by good for customer .
dealership is in tirunelveli , madurai after that in trichy . service must be there in remote areas might be near ramnadu . they take signature in feedback form along with bills . asked them why did like these they say sorry .
there are no auto car facilities while returning from dealership . even it is difficult to go other places . it is located in outer area should be in main area city
customer are increase so they should be open one more service center . so we cannot wait for servicing the car .
dealership location should be near is to us if it will in mayapuri it will good
more service center should be open .
dealership is only in trichy if there would be dealership in thanjavur highway . there are many companies hence one dealership can be there .
location was little bit out to the city . if it should be have nearby it 's good for us . there automobile sector which have in gwalior but them which service center has , which is little more out of the city . which occurs last for us it should be nearby . so , it 's good for us .
they should open one office in city . so we did n't have to visit far away . people who purchase other car then them also purchase toyota car because office is far away . for servicing we have to go far away . so they should open it in city . toyota not provides number plate it .
dealership location people in 1 week for 2 times they should open the camp at the service center .
we are harassed to the location we want go 300 500km far . if location should be nearby it 's good for us . because we are harassed to the location because we want go 350km far . for small things we want to go so far so location should be near . we had to go in patna .
no improvement require
toyota service center is far away by city 8 km , hence it should be near by 4 km it will be better . services are not good there .
which dealership location is there it should be in dahisar naka than it will be very good
dealership location is at trangala kkuda . it is very dangerous road most of that road accident happens . before of trees we ca n't see vehicles . they shaut cut it .
at dealerships back side road is too damaged , they should be tell the government to repaired the road .
dealership location should be in city
location are far it should have in jabalpur service center is far to the jabalpur and outside of jabalpur has no any arrangement of food it 's also so far which they provide tea and water in service center inside the jabalpur like almost 10 5 km inside .
dealership is located for from city . other company 's dealership is located in the city so that can too have dealership in the city .
they should open one service center in between kotmor naamkum .
vision toyota location is far away . if it is nearby then it will be good for us . we faced problem during travelling .
dealership is located in rush area better if located in outer area of the city . due to lots of vehicles go here and there it is difficult to reach dealership .
there area is small sales service and servicing both should be have an one place one more service center should have in cobra .
location is very far from me it should be at near by city .
location is 15 km far away from my home at least it should be 5 km away from home other company showroom are 4 5 km away .
in goa north side only toyota dealership are available . they should open their dealership in south zone also like in madgaon . because madgaon is beach area tourist sport also . it will more convenient to toyota customers if they opened their dealership service center in madgaon .
labor are not giving attention to customer complaints . manger should come talk with customer . they are not giving car on committed time . they take 4 hour more then committed time . dealership is far away it should be nearly . the customer who come from far away like from 200 km . then they should give car to them first . they should open one office to take customer complaints .
if dealership location at trivandrum \( heart of the city \) then good for us .
if dealership location is at kanooz city then good for us .
location should be in city . location is far 25 km away from city . always there is a traffic jaam . mahindra other company showroom are inside the city service center is far away because of that nobody purchase the car . it should be inside the city like other company .
service center should be according to the disk aurangabad or sasaram should be in between this one service center
they have to provide service center in other place also
dealership location is at high , that places not bus servicing , it should be at nearby bus stop it will be good for us .
i stay in thirvaluvar , but in thirvaluvar service center not all spare parts are available and glass change service is also not doing there , for this reason i used to come harsh poonamalle dealership from thirvaluvar dealership will provide all service it will be good .
at honda dealership service is good and also provide pick up and drop service . honda dealership 2km forward by anand dealership toyota dealership location should be at 30km or 35km
location is for away there is problem of location of centers in mumbai i can understand but the distance should be that much for so that we cannot reach out there road is very small to reach there after reaching there is no transport available to come back shinrai toyota vanali location was very good .
there dealership service center is guide far to me to reached there we crossed the two villages we need approx . 45 min . it is outside the town . they should be open there dealership in nearby location like in margay inside the town .
location should be change .
i went bikaner it is far from me . when i returned then companies staffs are dropped me their car , but when i went there while taken away my own vehicle . if i hired private rickshaw or other vehicle then it charges i had to pay 300 or 400 rupees . how they pick up us like that only they should drop us at sagarpada . then we will fully satisfy .
road is not in good condition . so it is very difficult to come go from that road fast . there is gap it should be at front on main road .
it should be in city . pune to kolhapur there is no service center . so there should be one service center in karad or nearby karad . maximum customer stays there so it should be here .
we have to go 20km far from bilaspur . already they are developing new showroom near hyundai it is near it is good .
dealership should be nearby to city or village . it should be nearby to kolhapur .
dealership location service is located to outer side city , so i have to travel 20 km for servicing my car . it is located nearby city then it is good for me .
dealership location should be nearby at irutto
dealership should be near at my home . service center location should be in kharghar .
dealership is far away , it should be at kundapura . it will be help for us if dealership will be nearest . every places are service centers dealership , hence , one toyota dealership should be at kundapura . it will be very helpful for the customers .
it is far away from me . it should be at bhubaneswar in my district .
dealership is far away from the city . they should not cut the token if any one visited there . if customer visit there then one showroom available in between . toyota should deduct some amount in toll tax .
there is harsh dealership located at palliate they are not provide the proper service facilities . so we have to visit palliate to poonamalle in harsh dealership . they must provide the proper service facility for palliate then it is better for us .
dealership location should be at raipur chhattisgarh is big capital there is also not any dealership over there .
i stay in nagercoil but my dealership is ternavelli it is very far for me , they should be provide the service center in nagercoil then it is better , showroom is there in nagercoil but dealership is not there .
when i visit the service of my car that time i am facing lot of traffic at entrance when i taken my car from service center that time also i am facing same problem . security person must be available there so on that we are not facing any trouble .
we live in burshanpur and service center has in indore we have to cross city then go so far so khandawara is near by to us , so service center should be have in khandawara if its open in indore then its should be have in khandawara road khandawara and burhanpur both are district so , there should be have one toyota service center .
we do n't get the guidance at location , hence we do n't know where it is . we have to ask somebody to go there . then they should be put a board .
there should be one dealership at malappuram .
i stays at chatapur bihar , there is no service center available over here i have to 70 km for service center . company should think about customer convenience . there is service center at patna which is 70 km one at muzafferpur rudra toyota . they place 2 showrooms in one area . in madakpura , shifon , ardiya , kisangaon kariyar , bursela there is not any center available of toyota . buddha toyota comes to give service but they don \? t have mechanic . so customer suffers a lot . they not get proper service . if you can request then you told them purniya is big mechanical center . all company service center is over there like maruti , fort , tata mahindra cheberlet so thing about that all brand service center is their exact toyota so open one service center over there . it should be good for near by district customer .
dealership pune service center is 100 km far away from my home . so it should be at least 40 45 km . there should be showroom at village also district city have service center but farmers also buy toyota car . so at shiroor , junner , baramati , indapur they should open as i think .
when i am went at dealership from bandra then there were more rush , so , my car get scratches . suppose it is at bkc main road it will be good for us
their service center is out of the city . to reach exit their service center we cross the toll plaza when we in out from their service center we have to pay toll charges . if they will change their location in within the city or they will be refund to customers that toll charges .
service center and workshop both should be have in one place at least is should be have in between 1 to 2 km
one service center should be open on array road .
no improvement require
location is 70 80 km far away . from village so it should be on 2 3 km in the city .
service center should be at least at main location or it is at pimpri and chinchwad . now , the service center is very far from us .
the dealership location very far from me when i taken away my car , i had to turn around the bridge , then i had to go there . hence it should be near for us .
no improvement require
dealership location is far from me . there should be pickup and drop facility for the customer . when we are taken away the car , then there should be dropping facility to the customer . sambhapur is very far from the customer . appointment we get 12 to 1 . 30 pm . hence , it should be at between kolhapur city
after servicing our car then we are returned at home that time city bus or auto facility is not there . hence it should be pickup and drop facility at the dealership it will be good for the customer .
after drop the car to service center we don \? t have any facility to come to city . they should give us facility like private bus or other vehicle . location is far away from city there is a problem in city .
grace nagpur service center is 5 kilo far away from village . if we visit there we don \? t have any vehicle to go to village . they should give pick up drop facility to us . they should open service center were traffic start . if it is in village then also it ok .
the dealerships location is at mundarkkaya and ermelo udaiyar hence it should at 20km distance , it will be good for us .
they should increase 1 2 service center more . it should be on 25 30 km distance .
the service center location is very far from me it is at conducted area . if we went away at service center , but when we came back , at britannia company after we are not get bus , taxi or rickshaw . hence we are returned at the service center , that time should be dropped the customer . it will be good for us
dealership location is very horridly charge it to some better place or any convenient place .
dealership is in town but service center is far from the town . service center should be in town then we can do our work also car servicing too .
location was out side . it should be on sangli or kolhapur road .
the location is 200 km far . it should 30 40 km near by .
they should open the restaurant beside the service center . if we are hungry we want to go far also there have no canteen there have not so much food . they should be providing car to the customer there should be having food facility . and service center is so far .
dealership location is far away . it should be improve . they should improve the part supply do proper work with is not done properly .
i stayed at nagercoil but dealership at tirunelveli , hence i travelled at 75km for dealership . hence one dealership should be between at nagercoil or kenya kumar then we will very happy . other service is all good .
dealership location is far away . so there should be one service center open at aknoor road .
they should new service center in town this service center is far away from town .
service center should be at south bombay location of service center need to be at colaba churchgate or nariman point . your dealership at nariman point is shinrai toyota but that center is found so i don \? t take my car from shinrai . i purchase vehicle from mathuman . that \? s why your dealership needs to be at south bombay .
they should be open dealership more outlets .
service center is very far from me also it is at city , hence we face problems . hence it should be at village in the taluka . so it will help for all customer .
if dealership location is at 10 km from my home then it will be good for me .
we live in dindigul have to travel 70km to reach dealership . there is showroom in dindigul but no service center . they provide mobile service here but that time we are busy so it is good if service center in dindigul
service center is far away it should be nearly to city .
we did n't found normal showroom at chandrapur area in maharashtra . my family suggest me to take car from toyota . they should pay attention on market location visibility they should improve it . they should do advertisement or hording that showroom is where or it is going to open . other brands they make tower at the petrol pump . so they should also install tower . nagpur have tower but from the outside of nagpur like 10 km . we can faced problems .
there was no problem transport facility to the dealership area . so while returning from dealership it was very difficult . if they have service center at main area then it will be good . for small problem like head light issue we are do it have for any big issue then we can go to outer area dealership
if dealership location is at thalippurampil then it will be good for us .
location should be having near by the city at least 5 6 km .
grace akola service center is far from village almost 5 6 km it should be nearby 2 km from village .
service center should be have in usmanabad .
grass akola service center have out of the city it should behave in city . this service center is in ashok vatika so it should be in bazapur naka chowk .
dealership location was little bit far till 80 km . it has not much problem . if good showroom have nearby like has in small distance then it 's more batter for us .
grass nagpur service center was far . so it 's should be near that time it 's has 15 to 20km far to us . but it should be 5 to 10km near to us .
location is little far . it should be in baitun .
there location is 12 km far from my location . if it is better they should come in south area may near to madhgev . this location would be more convenient .
in theni district most people are using toyota innova and innova crust . so there must one service center here in theni district
the location should be near by there should be other service center like grace toyota , there should be a service center in kamti road , ghotkar kai and also in midc wadi .
most of customers for sunday holidays , also they had rest of times . hence , servicing car delivered on sunday , because of the customer own taken away the car and get trial or test drive . service center between bosari , hence i am went there expenses rupees 100 or 150 , so it should be at main city
if dealership location should have in city so it 's good for us . for us it is 10 20km far .
in nagpur it is in central there are four sides like vardha road , kamti road , khuhadi road , there are 4 corners in that 2 corners have location and 2 corners should have location .
in car parking facility there should be shade because sunlight come there it should be little bit decorated . so it 's will look good .
this service center location is very beautiful . they were a problem of parking . to go there the way of road should be good . in rainy season water stacked on at area .
we live in kanyakumari but dealership is located in tirunelveli which is 85 km far . there is showroom here but no service center . there is mobile service even though for complete servicing need to go to tirunelveli dealership
panaji is one capital . both service center which has 20 20 km range to me . if in panaji also open service center , so it will be easy to us in panaji has normal booking office . in panaji have lots to toyota car but has no service center . if they open the open the service center , it 's will easy for us . they should open the service center 2 km to the panaji other then we have to go 20km north in 20km in south . in city have no service center it is problem to us .
i have to travel 100 kms to visit service center . if there is a service center monthly camp should be available . there are more vehicle in vashin so there should be a service center .
location should be nearby so it will be good to travelling or there should be pick up drop facility .
grace akola service center is far from village almost 80 km from our place . i live in vashin so it is difficult to go 80km far for servicing there should be a service center available in vashin .
there current location is far actually it is out of city . it should be closer or inside the city like maphasa , pune kekari this location very approachable now , for reached their location we passed the kollwalli then we reach there .
what improvement should do in dealership location that company should think about it .
dealership location is far away from irangalakuda . it should at proper in irangalakuda
there current location is good but for each to their location that path as good is not easily . accessible no any issue service center location only issue in the way of location
dealership location should be improve . dealership is far away from jabalpur city it should be nearby then it will be good for us . dealership should be nearby to city .
should need improve in location dealership at d \? mod \? area . its should be near by the city service should be improve
if service center located outside of city at high way that would be more better .
out of nagpur it is almost 40km there should be a service center in nagpur .
in brocade there should be one location .
if the location is far and there is any work of car . then in a month there should be camp at least near to 10 km so that we don \? t have to visit the dealership and we can save money .
which the location is this , which away to the noida always ghaziabad . location should be like this , were people has to face any problem . like they have no problem to come back . like it should behave in greater noida or sector 71 .
there location is fine they should provide canteen futility to customers when we visit for service center for 3 4 hour . between this when we hungry that time if canteen facility will available in service center it will more convened to customers and there drivers .
service center is little far . it should be in many places it should also be in herbal line . first it was in worli then it is nearby to us . it should behave in dadar , matunga wadala .
location is out of city . it should be inside the nagpur city .
to reach dealership location we have to give toll tax so they should reduce toll tax .
it is quite far ay from margaon , the place wherein live it is neither in the city , it is very outs of the city and it is very hard for us to go from here , spend half an hour , travelling and coming half an hour and its waste of time . so margaon is the best place for every babysit is the point of south goad so they should have service center at margaon .
there is traffic on nagpur rd . this are so may showroom at midc hingane if you open showroom servicing center over this so it well good for business customer also .
it should little bit near prabhadevi to till andheri has no any service center them
at service center place were congested . there is very small place . there location one time staying only two cars , reaming customer waiting at outside . there are denting and penting are not doing because of we are going at kolhapur . location should be large .
location should be near by . it should be near by nandurbar gaon .
location is far away i stay at wasai shinrai toyota is far away they should open one service center at borivali shirai is 50km for away lakozy is 20km now i will do servicing from there .
location should be near by to my village .
dealership location is at industrial area so we have search it . dealership location should be in city then it will be good
they should more open service center they should open one service center in colaba its good for us .
there is only two service center in goa . there sharay toyota dealership and service center is so far from my office and my location home . they should be opened another service center in madhgaon mostly preferred in side the city location
there is no dealership in bardhhaman . whenever a problem arises , need to go far away . the time taken for servicing is too much long , it 's taken 5 6 hrs . if it will be within 3 4hrs . , then it would be better .
for where one location should be nearby . they should provide home delivery facility . if service center member will drop as he will take charges then also it ok .
it is not convenient it is far away from village . they are not doing denting , panting over here they told us to visit bhusaval . dule also not available this . there is no paint shop showroom .
if the service centre is nearer to durgapur city centre then it will be better .
if the service centre is located in bhubaneswar at khandagiri patia area then it would be better
when i go to dealership on my way there is a flyover under construction that is why i have to face lots of problem . dealership is far from my residence i suppose if the work of flyover is totally complete then my problem is solve .
dealership location is littlie bit far away and one service centre should be near by , so it 's good for us .
my village is nagercoil there is no toyota dealership , so for servicing i have to anaamalai tirunelveli dealership , if they should open one toyota service centre in nagercoil , so it \? s good for us .
dealership location is far away . there is no facility to return back to home after drop the car to service centre if they drop the car then also they take charges . i think that there should be one dealership at barashi road other company also dealership over there . travelling facility is good over there you can also go for movie . lot of facilities are there .
dealership must have located in nagercoil . dealership must be within 20 km
in kannur will have open one dealership which is have in comfortable area in kannur thane also will have open one dealership this is also more comfortable compare to it .
in our place till 80 km has no showroom . for 100 to 125 km take 25 litre diesel . for going servicing we have to spend such expenses . previously there was dealership camp that comes for servicing at servicing sangamner or other district . there should be camp in every month at shrirampur and sangamner .
location is littlie bit far away is in having in industrial area . far away from the city . maruti and hyundai service centre having touch to the city , its good . but they are 8 9 km far away . so , its should near to 2 to 3 km .
i live in tirupathur but dealership is located in vellore . it takes a day for servicing so there must be service centre in tirupatur . they say have to service within this much km but finishing all my work get crossed then actual km
dealership location should be improve . it should be near by to us . my location has an ahmedabad , my house has far to this 32 km , one have in s . b . highway and other one is in naroda . so , it should be near by to us .
if the service centre is situated in bhubheneshwar area then it would be good .
which had galaxy outlet which should have in dwarka but there is no service centre . if we open there service centre so we had less tribble . to go mothi nagar because in mothi nagar had mayapuri traffic occurred .
dealership location is very far for us , it should be near then it is good for us . in nippon dealership should be located at main area .
i have visited to saini toyota howrah which was very far from my residence because my residence is trebeny . in service centre is nearer to chandan nagar or chunchura then it would be better
dealership showroom has small area . if i go for servicing i have to wait for sometimes and there is no food canteen then i have to suffer a lot for that . there is only one dealership show room but they kept
location is far away for servicing . we are in city it had in out off city . if driver was not there we had to gone personal there then it washed our full day . they should open small service centre it is good for us .
dealership location is far away to nagpur . and from return to there is no vehicle . that why location should be nearby to nagpur .
service centre should be open in padpadgans industrial area . it will be more nearest to my house .
ravindra havalahalii service centre is very far from me . hence one dealership should be opened 2 or 3 km far away from us . it will be good .
dealership location is too far . if we are going for service the customer need to get drop facility where they can come back .
location is 100 km far at my home . it should be have in my district head quarter . 15km should be nearby then it will be good for us .
the dealership location is away from town nearby 7 km . so if it will be as town side then it is good for us . because we have to wait a long time for bus .
location is very far from the city . the servicing centre should be in chakkara road or in patel nagar .
dealership space is too short all facilities are not available there . except car mobil change dealership do not provide services on colouring , sound box problem etc .
service center needs to be delhi \( e \)
dealership is 20km outer side so it takes half day to visit there its take 1days to came from there . they dropped us only at the bus stop , i have honda ford company vehicle they provide pickup drop facility but toyota staff are not provide the same .
there should be improvement in charges . i should to pay every tax for a small thing also they ask for tax spare parts does n't get from outside we need to buy from company itself where service charges , tax labour charges are need to be pay . for a small spare parts there should be no labour charges which ca n't be acceptable . there should be no labour charges on spare parts .
we are in thutukudi , so every 12 , 13 14 of the month three staff coming from tirunelveli for mobile service , we are not getting this service properly . maruti honda they have dealership in thutukudi so if toyota also have then it will be good .
it should be within the city or middle in city
dealership location is little bit far we have to go outside for lunch , so they must provide canteen .
the dealership location is far away from my location . it should be nearby .
dsk kolhapur location is 15 20 kms away from my village . i don \? t say that they should be exactly in my village and i know that is not possible also so for this they must increase the pickup and drop service . it is already there but needs to be increased little more .
from our place dealership location was far away , it should little bit near by to us .
road is not proper for location .
location should be 4 to 5 kilometre inside .
they have to provide transport facility .
at kr road dealerships were narrow place . hence it should be brode , so we are easily running to our car .
it would be good if toyota open a dealership in hojai because i lived there and i have to visit to nagaon branch for servicing .
servicing charges price is too much . charges needs to be low . some spare parts price is too much as compared to market price . the spare parts in market is low price as compared to toyota price . at least some parts needs to be genuine and must provide warranty because of high charges .
if they shifted the show room from g . t . road and situated in locality then it would be better . g . t . road was under construction so i have to face problem in the service center for in and out time . if they think about our safety then it would be better . the place where the service center was safe before when the road was not under construction . from the time it was under construction it was not safe .
dealership location area when we visit came back from there is accident chances . there should be appointing one security guard . there should be help any staff with crossing premises .
it should on nasik road . additional service station should be there . it should be there in 2 km to 3 km .
they should increase dealership location area . so car can came from 4 sides .
at coimbatore there is only one dealership . valla cherry tirchiroad service centre is not there . they must provide the few more service centres .
the service centre is located in dust industrial area . if the service centre was in town area it would be better .
chauhan dhule service center is exactly near toll naka . service center is near by walking distance from toll naka but to go we need to pay rs . 300 as tolnaka charges . so my advisable is the toyota service should not be near the tolnaka it should be inside the city itself .
dealership should be open in chattarpur . so , it will good for us many people want to purchased the car but service center not there . we have to go far away for servicing that 's why they not purchased the car . so , it will have in chattarpur . it is good for us .
for small work i used to travel for 5 km . one to one an half km inside location used to be there the service centre .
when the car is left for servicing at that time the difficulties that we face must be changed . some where they should open the service station where all facilities are available . they must keep pickup and drop . i have maruti car when we go there they give us alternate car for use . they say 2 days \? time is required . this is our showroom car . we have swift , swift desire , alto they arrange for their person to drop . from this you understand that how much they care for us . they take responsibility to drop us at home . your showroom does not have anything as such . service department must be changed . sharayu bavdan are all on highway side . they should be in the city . plant must have all the facilities like of mahindra . they must perform like that .
rathore vapi is very far to us . we stay at navsari it is 60km far . navsari toyota there is only showroom workshop is not there so it should be there .
there is a service center in ushmanabad . it the center needs to be within city itself . the service center needs to provide pick up drop facility to customer . otherwise bus stop facility needs to the there near the center .
the parking area should be developed . in front of the parking area there is too much garbage it should be clean .
the dealership opened is in thirupur it is good because we stay at coimbatore . we need to trainee 5 to 10 km for the dealership location .
nanavati location is too far i . e . from 60 70 km location needs to be near within 20 25 km .
dealership location should be have on main road . they should provide drop facility to the customer .
dealership location should give clear direction should use arrow symbol for the land mark .
no service center available in north kolkata , if toyota has open a service center at north kolkata so it is good for us .
in location here is only one showroom which is also very much far from city . other all showrooms are near to the city only this narmada toyota showroom is so much far from the city . we don \? t have any other transportation if we give our vehicle for service to come back . we have to wait 4 hours at the dealership . if i want to go to office after giving car for service it is very much far from dealership . this needs to improve . entry of dealership is too much inside if any new drivers comes he face difficulty to find dealership .
location should be at thallacherry .
if toyota open service centre at singur or dankuni area it is good for those customers who lived in tarakeshwar area .
service centre should be open in nabha .
location is far i stay at gorakhpur where hyundai , tata , maruthi showroom is on bengal but toyota is not over there . most of the showroom are in east but toyota showroom is on west for that i used to travel 20km the location should be nearly and if it is then the customers increase .
dealership location needs to be in palampur .
if they have dealership at aathur then it will be good . vilupurum dealership also quit away from our residence there service also not good . if they give proper service , then we can give at vilupuram only .
one dealership should be open at morbee .
there is very small area for parking car after servicing so it must be more spacious other than that there must be separate parking for etios innova .
a dealership location was very congested place if there servicing vehicle are more , then we are standing at outside for coating . hence , there place should be large .
they should open the pankage in different areas of orissa . they are doing campaign then also all service is not done there . only oil changing is done there
this dealership is 20km far from my house , it would be good if toyota open a dealership in clamor or jamuria .
while paying the bill is counter is only one so there the time is wasted it needs to be improved .
dealership space is too small . hence it should be large . too much vehicles are standing there .
staffs are very less and they are not available . for regular service they should take 1 to 1 30 hours .
the place where the service center is located is very dusty . after servicing when i kept my car outside it was covered by so much dust particles . if this problem will be solved then it would be better .
dealership location should be improved which nanavati dealership board had in road side it should be big their words should be having capital . unknown person it he need so he reached right location .
service center should be nearby city .
one more showroom should be open . kondava and budhrak place should be open . in that place they will get good servicing . company can get profit . hadapsur dsk is traffic and we don \? t get any snacks item in roadside .
while servicing the car , the company should give pick up and drop facility to customer .
there should be banner in roadside because service center is too much inside the location .
the dealership location is too far it should be near so it is good for us .
location is far away . it should be at hanuman gadh .
dealership location is at 50 km far from me . hence one more dealership should be at kolara .
the road is not proper in dealership location , they should complaint the government and the road must be proper .
service center also should be open in ropar punjab city
lot of people using toyota car at karaikudi but there is only toyota showroom . at trichy there is a big dealership same like they must provide at karaikudi also .
dealership location is very far from 40 km . hence we get trouble for traveling . so it should be near for us . it will help for us .
they have to provide the service centre at centre of the city .
they have to provide the service centre near by areas
they should do changes as per district chowdhury jalgaon is far away . but raver is nearby to us it means we have to visit jalgaon for small work the raver is better option because of that our diesel , petrol time will saved .
dealership location had outside which is far away for us , it should have in main area other then it has in gind because location had in outside so after water washing when we returned from there that time in car lots of dust come , so it was look dirty so dealership location should have in gind , it \? s good for us .
location of service centre was far away for us . it almost 20 km far away . they should opened a service centre nearby an airport .
they should open one more service center .
location should be at mansarovar .
if dealership location will be nearby highway then it will be good for us or they should open it in thane .
they should increase the dealership location . there is no place to park a car . we drop a car outside in a sunlight it will be good it they make a dealership big . it takes 35 km to travel to dealership if they provide pick drop service it will be good .
dealership location should be near . it should be near bhivadi dhavada of rajasthan city .
3hrs we need to travel to reach center . the full day is wasted in the center . alignment should be done proper . the service center of rathnagiri is good as compared to sindhudurg center . whole day is given for servicing .
if there is a service center and sub station in hoogly then it will be good .
dealership is situated in one place and i am staying in one place for me it takes 20 km to travel to get there , that also there is only one dealership available here so , if the dealership is available near to south side it will be good .
location should be nearby or inside the city .
dealership location is very far from us , so it should be nearest at nandhi durga circle , so it will help us for most of the customer .
there road was not good it is damage so we have to face a lot for that . and as much as possible the workers clean the front gate of the dealership .
dealership location 40 km far away . number staffs are less over there . for alignment balancing no machine available so it should be available over there .
dealership location should be change , they should open local service center inside the panipat , it will good for us .
infinium rajkot service center was 90km far . if the service center is in morbi because the customer are more of inn ova and for tuner
they have to change the dealership location due to heavy traffic in that area .
nanavati toyota dealership location is away . it is inside so it should be nearby . then it will good for us otherwise everything is ok .
location where the dealership is there , there they need to have more space for parking as there is very little place there . new car and customer \? s car is parked at same place . then we are unable to make out where our car is . they must increase the space there . the staff there take out the car properly and park properly and there is no other problem . but sometimes if they are busy and cannot take the car out so they must increase the space
location is far . 4 5 km far from latur it should be near \? midc \? area .
ahmednagar dealership location is opposite side of the district we have to cross farm to reach . it should be nearby to midc to returning home there is no vehicle facility auto is very expensive .
when we came service that time dealership needs to arrange some facility to drop us to the city , because it was in outer there is no proper transport facility . at least they have to arrange for everyone how transport to city . even we need a transport while coming for delivery to pick up a car . there is no hotel for lunch .
how could i say \? they have to be closer . they are very far away from the town . i can \? t specify any place .
location should be city or opposite to city . because 30km far from my house . dealership location and workshop should be opened two or three in different location instead of one workshop .
service center place is 100 km far from me . so they should drop me .
service center should be open at batala .
the location of the dealership is so far from the city
when we came leave the dealership facing lot of problems , we have to wait at long time they should be arrange the facility to drop the nearest bus stops .
sometimes the location is nor proper . kanpur is very big city and there is only one dealership . there should be at least 2 . one should be in the middle of the city . we are unable to take a claim many times because of dealership is so far . if they have 2 showrooms then that would reduce the burden also , and time deduction would also happen
when we leave the car outside at summer time in dealership its they \? re outside only , they should be kept inside the dealership .
sunny toyota is very far from the city \? s location . their location should be in such a place that there any person or customer can reach easily . they should have location in a place where customers can get auto , taxi or any other vehicle to go home . or else then sunny toyota must give such facilities so that customers when leave their car for servicing then they can get some vehicle facility which can leave customers to their placed . all these facilities should be available
sharayu aurangabad service center needs to be in city . it is 13 14 km far from my house . but all the other company service center are inside the city but this one is too far .
present location were too much traffic , hence there not enough place , so location should be changed .
the location is far from city it should be near within 5 10km .
in assam if service center will be located in tejpur then it would be better for us because gargya guwahati service center is 150 km far
dealership should provide some facilities because when we go for servicing we get bored .
dealership location should be nearby rohini .
borah toyota is located in dibrugarh which is very far from my residence if it is in sibsagar then it would be better .
pick up and drop facility should be free . if someone lives in city so they should drop him in a city another then when some car for servicing so after a servicing they should deliver a car at home .
location center is too far . life maruti has different branch in different place but the head office is somewhere . at the same process toyota needs to follow it should open different branch . it will be good convenient .
the space of service center was very small . if they arranged the space then the show room is ok . if they change the servicing place then it would be better . for showroom the place is not convenient . but i think if the servicing maintenance place is somewhere outside then it would be better .
from my residence the distance of dealership was 250km . for servicing i spend my whole day there . sometimes i have to wait for the whole night . if there was a service center in bihar at araria then it \? ll be better .
sharayu aurangabad service center needs to be inside the city . in that location the car comes for service is huge . i need to travel 12 km far from my house . the location needs to be inside the city itself . they should provide pick up drop facility to customer .
they should open one more service center nearby .
service center is in industrial area , so it should be on road side .
dealership is located in outer area , must be within the city area .
in bhamparkuan servicing center should be open .
dealership location should be nearby sonipat .
they should change the location of the service center because it is located outside the area but if it is located in city area then it would be better .
if dealership location will be nearer inside the city like guwahati then it would be better . they provide 3 services but 1 service they provide by coming come .
dealership location needs to change . infinium toyota needs improvements about that . infinium toyota is located in traffic area from both side . we have to cross whole city of gandhinagar or we have to go to ring road for dealership . dealership location should be at some better place .
while going to dealership location the road is not proper and it is too inside , i had problem with the road .
service center location should be inside city . because it was 35 km far away from city .
location road is not proper . my owner used to say use some other road but dp road is also not proper . while going it is ok but returning time is very bad because my car is polished while returning from center but because of this road the dust comes and sit on it . they should impact on road the road should be proper .
location should be near by a location . it should behave 5 7 km far away . it had in highway so , we had to take risk sometimes we had to waited 7 8 pm in service center . so returned to a city then go outside to a city . for this we had to take risk we getting late to came there . so , it should be improve it will good for us .
dealership is far away for 25 km at all the zones . inside the dealership facing problem to drive car .
the location was 18 km far away for us . if it should has in durg city so it will be good .
this location was far away for us . like we had waste our 1 to 2 hour to go 30 to 35 km and also traffic was there service center was had an out of city . it should be have on ajmer road or another then industrial area .
which had in location , their should be provide pick up and drop facility .
dealership is outer the city at eroad it should be there inside the eroad city . for visiting purpose there is no any bus facility .
the location was in very outside area if will be in nh then it would be good .
the location was in very outside area if will be in rourkela bedbihar then it would be good .
dealership location should be in open area
dealership is outer the city . we stay inside the city this is the reason for facing the problems .
dealership location if it is in trichendur it will be good because many of are using toyota car
waiting area should neat clean and the behave a good way with the customers .
dealership should open on sunday also .
location is too far . their should be pick up and drop facility available to customer . i stay near airport but location service center is in dhagya chowk . this is too far . the location should be 8 10 km nearly .
the dealership should near by palam pur kangra .
location are far away to a city and also it was almost 20 km far to at my home . so , they should open camp for a servicing so , its good .
if the dealership will be in the middle of rourkela or rajanpur then it will be better .
infinium rajkot location was far away . we stay in jamnagar to their it had on 150 km it should be near like till 40 50 km , so it will good for us .
they should repair the road of dealership or should have open area for for dealership
nanavati ajeera surat dealership was far away . we had to go 25 km far . varasa which have in surat their only have toyota dealership . so , their should also have service center . it good for us and also we or village people get profit in it . in varasa service center had lots of crowd nanavati dealership had 10 15 km far away . so nearby from it 4 5 km should be also having service center , so it will good . which we done a servicing an outside and in service center also had lots of difference between it . someone lived far so they done a servicing an outside which servicing was not so good . nanavati toyota also provides good service then also they should open service center .
i stay at vita but service center location should be at karad or sangli it is fine as per my wish .
from our place to dealership it takes 90 km to reach over there it takes 2 hours . on the way lanson dealership was there but we didn \? t get much satisfaction . so 1 hour or within 40 km if the dealership is available it will be good . from vadalur there is no bus stop is available . only the bus coming from chennai will come through the place some bus driver will stop some will not stop in the place . some time we use to go kumbakonam from there we have to take a auto . so for this take full 1 full day to get a service .
dealership area should be increased because it is very small in area . they take much time for servicing they should do the servicing quickly .
they should maintain the shades of dealership .
first their service center had in warli but not it was changed now it was had in ray road . because of this we faced lots of problem it was not convenient location for us . because we have to waste full day for a car servicing . we had to have taxi for of there it had in outside of a city them service center should be have in city because many people stay in south side which used them car .
the location of servicing is very far from my house . they don \? t provide any facility there . if there was a service center at bhubaneswar in nh side area like burmunda and rasungar then it will be better .
dealership location should be inside the city .
service center opened at out of city it should be open inside the city or they should send some staff to our place . if we call and say them to arrange some staff for us they say staff are not present . nearby facility should be good or the location should be near famous city . so that all the things available to customer .
lanson dealership is located in outer so if it is in a main city it will be good .
dealership locations is very long to belgum city in this dealership not have drinking water snacks if we give the servicing for car in morning whole day we have to spend in dealership because dealership location is long in my area .
there is lot of traffic on roads hence it is problematic to go to dealership center .
service center is in the city , it should be outside the city .
location is far from the village . they should open another service centre as this is very much far from village . when going to hazira from surat we have to cross whole surat city that is very far from city almost 120 kilometre so for servicing of 20000 kilometre i have to travel long and they don \? t have any other service centre .
location is far away and there is not restaurant nearby . so if we have to wait for 5 hours and we need some food or snacks , there is no arrangement for that as there is no restaurant nearby .
they should add one more dealership in that location .
we have to travel near about 150 km to reach a service center in nagpur . so there should a service center in bardi or near to bardi and it will we very useful to all .
lanson kancheepuram dealership is located very far . at pondicherry rajivghandi square place there is showroom and it would be good if they make a dealership there or nearby . replacing a small part in the car we have to visit dealership instead it will be good if they provide service of the same in showroom .
dealership location should be on highway and near by city .
dealership location is 70 kilometers far for me . just for servicing i have to travel 150 kilometers . it will be good if a service center will be open in district level because many innova customers are there in mehsana .
they should have proper accessibility of dealership location .
location is far away , it should be nearby in the city itself and the service center should be updated in navigation so we can able to find the service center easily . and location of the service center should be nearby .
location is far from village . they should give pick up facility .
dealership should be available at preetvihar in delhi
they should open a service center at rajpura main road .
dealership location should near by , it should be in sector 46
annamalai dealership is located too far from my place its near about 15 km . whereas comparing to other dealership they are located between 6 km . it would be good if they located a dealership in erode place .
dealership location is far away and the roads of the dealership are in the bad condition which makes inconvenient , they should have sperate space for the service center .
a bus stop facility is not available at the dealership area , dealership should get a special permission for the bus stop facilities and it is must in that place .
location is very much far from my house .
dealership location should near by nalagarh .
location situated too far away from my home . i have to go 100 km from my place . many number of innova and fortuner cars at my place . if you open a service centre in palghar it will be great for us . we go in vasai for servicing if service centre open in plaghar it will easy to go there .
service center should near by city .
i do n't know
dealership should be on main road and should have parking space .
service center location should be nearby city .
the location of the service center is very far away from my house . they should open a service center in bokaro green city . there are maruti and hyundai service centers in bokaro and they should open their service center too .
location is out of city , most of the vehicles are from city and also there is traffic issue . so it should be available in city . 17 to 18 km is manageable but it should be in main city not out of city . location is not convenient .
they should open a dealership in pathankot also .
service center should be nearby 10 15 kms from pune
the people from the service centre come only twice a week for servicing in bardoli and that too they only check oil water . it \? d be better if they come 4 times a week because dealership location is 60kms away and sums up to 120kms for the entire journey .
the dealership location is 25kms far from my house . there should be a pick and drop service facility .
the dealership location is 120kms away from my house . it would be better if the dealership location is near
dealership is little far from our place . nanavati toyota should open dealership at patia textile market area or at vadodara city side because current location is too far .
i have to travel 160 km to reach the dealership from my house . for an emergency as well i have to travel so long . it would be good if they located dealership at least in 50 km long .
there are lot of vehicle of toyota in faizabad dealership location that we have to arrive at lucknow . the arrange a camp but all the facility are not available . in faizabad their should be an one more service center .
if the dealership area will be larger than it would be good .
nearby our locality
all the toyota motors showroom are located in city main areas but lanson pondicherry dealership is located in outer area . other companies like mahindra , maruti and tata have located their dealership next to their showroom . as comparing to them toyota dealership and showroom has long distance . it would be good if the place both dealership and showroom in the same place .
dealership is location is too long approx . 100 km . it would be good if they located in some nearby area .
if the dealership will be located in sreerampur then it will be good for the local people
annamalai coimbatore dealership is located in north side . hence to reach there easily they can relocate it in highway main area
from my house to dealership , i have to travel till 20 km and if they locate it in outer area of singanallur then it would be really feasible for us .
anaamalai dealership is located in outer area and we do not get auto , canteen , buses etc . this is very difficult to customers pick up drop service is also not available . other dealerships give pick up drop services . these things should be improved .
if infinium toyota will come little far then it will be better for us . now current location is little fa . gandhinagar is capital of gujrat and if dealership comes under capital of gujrat then it will be better for us . all other car \? s service center are only 5 7 kilometer far from gandhinagar but infinium toyota is around 25 30 kilometer far from us . we have to think before purchasing vehicle that we have to travel 25 30 kilometer for service . so maybe people are not buying toyota products because in the starting i was also able to buy toyota car but i was not buying because of service center . i was thinking like who will go to ahmedabad for service and we cannot do service at any other station . then i was strongly thinking to buy this car . so i purchased this car . if service center will be locate here , then i may purchase this car 5 year ago . other everything is good about service only location should be in gandhinagar city .
location is out of city , it should be in city . the showroom is our side and we purchased the car once but we have to go there most often for servicing . chikhalthana and midc area is having such type of transportations as pick up and drop facility is having there . we want to say about servicing but how can we say as we have to go there .
dealership and service center distance is very high , it should be nearby .
location should be near
actually improvement is not there but your location where i am doing my car servicing it is out side of the city . my problem is that only and nothing else . i do n't think they will open it inside of the city . it will be ok if it is near by city . their location is far way .
dealership location is available almost 40 km from jaipur . so i thought they should arrange showroom at nearby jaipur city .
in om toyota workshop or in near by area canteen facility is not available . if customer want to have some food or want to go out so there is no vehicle available . their location is almost 150 km far away from my location . it is very time consuming to traveling there . if their location would be on agra road or tomak road then it will be good .
dealership location should be on road of chandigarh and patiala .
in delhi road also there is lot of place where there is showroom . in rampur also they had open showroom which is totally different . whatever the showroom are available in delhi all are beside the road which is very good .
at infinium toyota only distance should be little reduce . their charges are reasonable they don \? t even charge much from us but service center is little far that is only issue we have . if it will be near to rajkot city , then it will be better . construction wise location is good but distance is far from the rajkot city .
toyotas maximum customers are from city area . if the service center will be located in basistha or chariali then it would be good . if toyotas location is also like fords and audis location then it will be good . presently the service center of toyota was in the end of bypass because of this city people have to face problem .
now your showroom in which area that are area is in near to gandhi ham main center area which is little far . other company \? s dealerships are near by 2 3 kilometers only but your dealership is far . now they cannot do anything for that but .
dealership location should be nearby from the city . rajendra toyota is available at industrial area . like if customer want to go somewhere else so options are not available . whatever available it all only at showroom but out side nothing . if customer want auto or taxi so it is little far . also if we want to for in the city for some work so for this it is taking long time .
dealership location is located far away from my house i . e . 15 km thus its very much difficult to me to reach there and come back . even they as well do not give any pick and drop facilities to its customers . in my area all the car owners are having this issues . hence the toyota dealership need to relocate their dealership shop in city \( town \) area .
annamalai erode dealership is located in out of city bypass road . it would be good if they locate the same with showroom
dealership location is little far for me . dealership is in ajira area and i am living in varchha village . dealership is 30 km far from my place so it will be better if dealership will be only 10 km far . dealership is far for me .
dealership location is too long it \? s about 20 km long . need locate it nearby .
there is new dealership branch at kozhikode jilla but till now it was not opened completely . hence they need to concentrate and do not leave it simply and need more service centers like this and at kozhikode nadakkavu , elathur and palankadi in these palaces need dealerships branches .
they should improve the servicing parking area .
dealership location should be available between kottayam and ernakulum place and one dealership should be available at cherthala area
they should sign borad of dealership on the corner of the road .
if location is nearby then it will good . it is almost 90 km from my location it should in jodhpur nearby 50 km so it will better .
dealership location located very far away . it \? s obvious that if we want to open a dealership then it will be costing more . since it will be good if they can locate a dealership in srivilliputhur to rajapalayam .
dealership location is not much good , we round up the whole city and reaches at end . it would be good to open a new dealership at thamarashery kozhikode medical college place .
dealerdhip location should be near by highway .
lanson pondicherry dealership is located far from my place 15 km . it would be good if they can locate it in main place .
they need open service center in aurangabad cidko midc area . sharayu toyota is a one of the best toyota . it is very necessary in midc aurangabad because its to far for city person to go out of the city just for the servicing of the vehicle .
dealership location is very long in my area so they should open the dealership in my area that very help for me .
service center little far away . it should be in neral .
from my place to dealership the distance is around 19 km . hence i couldn \? t reach there on the committed time of appointment . it would be good if they locate a dealership at ramanathapuram .
they should improve the location area because the road of the dealership was not good it is very far away from my house . the dealership area was outside the side if it will be inside the city then it would be good .
if there was a dealership in between the cuttack and bhubaneshwar then it will be good .
they should repair the road of dearship
if there was a service center in raigarh area then it will be good . we don \? t find the innova car parts nearby . we have to go far away for getting the parts .
i reside in thoothukudi and to service the car i had travel till tirunelveli . hence , we need dealership in thoothukudi as well .
they have to provide the another dealership at vijayawada
the problem is on the road . the dealership would be on the other side of shillong . it would have been better because the congestion is too much and we take so much time on the road because of the location . traffic is a big problem for location of shillong . it should be in the eastern other than southern side of meghalaya shilling . the area about summit is good for it .
dealership area is 450 km far away from my house if it will be raigarh area then it will be good
location should shift in better location as it is not convenient , its not heart of the locality . it can be better place like near airport
if service center will be increase , then it will be better . in surat one service station is in adajan another one is in hajira . actually we get good response from them . they should open one more dealership in city area . i don \? t have much headache for that but if anyone wants to buy a car then they face problem in servicing i think because of this reason people don \? t buy cars that they have to go hajira for service . more 2 3 service station need to open . we are satisfied with the services at hajira . innova is successful car but for service we have to travel more for this company should give us more options . centre should be increase . if they will open dealership at mandoli or kamrej road or barboli area otherwise varachaa then will be good . at varachha they have showroom so they should open dealership servicing with that . it will help nearby people a lot .
they have to provide dealership location at gajuwaka 104 area .
they should open a service center in daruheda .
in faizbabad there is only toyota agency . the toyota service center is 200kms away from faizabad and 80kms away from my house . i have to come all the way to lucknow for servicing . the service center in lucknow is always crowded and the travelling cost sums upto 2000rs . their service center should be within 100kms .
service center should be in balabhgarh
there is no space in andheri dealership showroom so they should increase the space .
1 . the location of the dealership is so far from the city
dealership location was very long in my area . around 5 to 6km if they are open dealership in my area that is good for me .
the place where they have their location it is very traffic area . lots of traffic is there while going there or returning . there is no highway connectivity . we are facing very difficulties to reach there . they should shift the service center in open area or they should call and should give pick up drop facility . should inform as sir will pick up your car on this time and will drop it on that time . it should on 3 4 km distance . the location having on which road it all are congested area .
after servicing when they hand over our car and if we want do some other work in it we cannot do that work . if it would be done then it will be good . the car parking area is also very small . they should improve these things .
we think that we are living in vasna road and your dealership location is in makar pure which is little far from here so if dealership comes little close then it will be good for us . they should locate dealership in some nearby area .
the location is far from where i stay it should get changed . if it could be near then it would be nice . dsr servicing is not there at pcmc . pick up drop happen . but physically we want to go then they do not come at pcmc or pimpri chinchwad . if pimpri service station get opened so it will be profitable . here there is sharayu toyota showroom but we do n't knee much about it . we like dsr servicing .
dealership location should be near .
dealership location somewhat far and have to travel 45 km . the current location of amana toyota is not much good have issues by going there and returning from there . should open a new dealership in city place and also it would be good to open at kasaragod .
i reside at dindigul and for servicing i have come madurai after travelling 80 km distance . thus my whole day is wasted on this . after a long time even there is no hotel facility , hence we feel bad about this .
one thing anant toyota can improve like they can make showroom in the city . currently city is 8 10 km far away . second thing you can do this thing pick the vehicle from home and drop at the home without service .
i reside in nagarkovil and i have to visit till tirunelveli for servicing the car and it takes 1 and half hours . need a service center at nagarkovil .
there is so long to reach the poonamallee dealership . it would be good if they locate it in ekkattuthangal .
we have travel 20 km to reach the dealership . after leaving the car as well there is no bus facilities . hence , they can locate the dealership within 10 km distance .
at harsha dealership the car parking area is too small hence they need to make it more spacious .
jamnagar mahanagarpalica is a big city . we have many big industries in our city like reliance , sr , ios , hindustan so it is our only requirement . not a dealership but at least we need a sub dealership here in jamnagar . if you now check in jamnagar , you will find many toyota customers here in city and everyone has only one dealership for service at rajkot . they should at least introduce a sub dealership by understanding our requirements . i have told this to company as well it will benefit us in the distance of 95 km for each service . you can open a dealership in jamnagar but if in jamnagar it is not possible then they should open a dealership at rajkot jamnagar highway . as maruti have already having 3 3 workshop showroom on that road . if you open your service station at rajkot jamnagar highway near pendha then we have to go by ring road side and on that road have much traffic which takes more than 1 2 hours of time to cross that road . 2 hours in the morning 2 hours in the evening it takes to reach service . if we want to go from showroom we have to take delivery of car from showroom on correct time because after 6 traffic is very high on that road this is the reason i am saying a substation is required in rajkot jamnagar highway . at jamnagar hey have many customers of toyota for them they need to think . only toyota \? s workshop is not available at jamnagar other all workshops are there in our city . nexa maruti also open a new dealership here .
location of service center should be near by . the service center is 12 13 km way from us . due to traffic on such roads we faced lot of problems . it should be situated within 5 km range .
service centers should be open more it will better . maximum 2 dealerships is available in thrissur districs . sevice centers should be more open its not sales sport only service spots .
1 . they way is not good for dealership 2 . they have to provide reading books and water at waiting room
if they could arrange to come to different town like movable service center , we have lots of toyota car here , if they come for servicing after every six months or one year , they do not have to open a shop but if they come then it would be nice .
it should be inside of satara city . other dealerships are near by city like hyundai , maruti due to this our time is saving .
dealership can locate in city town area instead of outer area . we face issues when reaching the dealership . after leaving the car we face difficult as there is no facility of pick and drop . even the bus facility is also not available in that place . the dealership should make arrangement of pick up and drop facility to its customers .
dealership location is little far . dealership location should be change from jamshed pur to distupur or skachi .
location far away from me . one more dealership should open . because i sty in mansarovar . 30 to 35 kilometer far away to me for went to vikai service center from mansarovar . that 's why little far away to me this location . they should open one service center in middle of jaipur then the all sides of customers will have visited this service center only . if any new service center they open then he must be open the service center 10 kilometers away from my house
the dealership location is situated in highway , they should open 1 more dealership in virar east . other company dealer ship is available there only toyota dealership is not there .
the dealership location is in congested area it should be in open area .
location is very far to go and come from there . that area is far for me . company provides service also for that for pick up drop of your vehicle by drivers . company provides many services but location is far for some and near to some . in real they should come near by location area because location is very much far .
location should be centralize . transport facility should be available . if we want to go by which train or which bus then extra car should be available for drop . in kalyan city they are having very nice location . if i dropped my car to your place then i can go by train as well . same as if i want to go or shilphata or thane then might be will face problem . so it would be easy for customer .
they should open the dealership in pathankot also
dealership location is long hence it would be good if they have it in town areas .
dealership location is situated in vasai nalasopara high way , i was facing problem to travel there . for servicing there is more difficulty of pickup drop . their is no other source of travelling . its location is very inconvenient to travel . my 2 3 hours was waste to travel there . if dealership location is situated in city area so it will easy to accessible for the customers . customers need to travel the nalasopara west or till vasai highway because it is located in vasai entrence . if we want to go there we have to change at least 3 4 auto rikshaw . there is no other source to travel there if we give our vehicle for servicing then there is no other vehicle to come back to our place we face the difficulty if we drop or pickup the vehicle from there . the location is easy to accessible for customers dealership will located in city limits . where the customers can easily travel we also found the other vehicle easily . there is no difficulties for pickup drop facility .
they have to provide the service center near to the kushaiguda .
location is very far an only 1 dealership is available there . service center area is very small . there is parking place problem , its place should be enlarge otherwise they should open 1 service centre . the service center is situated out of the city its very far its wasting time .
location should be in pune or nearby city . current location is 25 km away which should be within 10 15 km as it would be better for us . dealership would get good business from this
number of dealership is less so it should be increased . we need to wait when we go to the service center . so if the dealership increases then the waiting will also be less .
dealership location should be near by city .
they should open one showroom on highway it will be convenient for us . they should start one service center on bombay banglor highway .
i come from chidambaram to do service at lanson pondicherry . after 75 km of travelling i have to come here . hence it would be good if they locate a dealership at cuddalore
location need to improve little . location is 10 12 km far from our place . there are 2 location of dealership in ahmedabad city which both are far from our place . may be toyota don \? t give dealership in city area . we have popper highway area in maninagar narooli . they can open dealership here .
first of all , that location is on upside . we have to go wrong side to reach the location . road which is under construction now we have to go from that road to reach service centre . we have to go on wrong side and even there is no opening on highway . if we want to go from right side direction , we have to turn from too far . location needs to change which is not possible so there should be crossing on highway . there is national highway on main line . we have to go around 200 km and after that we have to go more 2 km inside . so there opening should be change or location should be on right direction .
the location of the service center is very far . the car consumes rs . 2000 diesel for the entire journey . then there are additional charges for driver too . if toyota opens a service center in raigad alibaug it would be really convenient for the nearby toyota customers . the toyota service center should be situated 50kms within alibaug . alibaug is a big city and toyota should think about opening a service center here .
dealership should locate at town place and it would be better . the office also should make some advanced so that the customer feels comfort
the location is very far . there are n't any cars available for dropping and getting the car from the service center . the service center is located 25kms ahead from the toll plaza . their service center should be within 5 7kms inside the city which is convenient for everyone . the location should be as such that the customers can easily drop off their cars and go back home .
dealership location is out side of our town . private cabs like ola and uber are there . they are delight because it the showroom comes on highway and dhanbad is in which place its in town there is no showroom available . other companies showroom is available in side of the town . but this far way from highway . we are facing some problem in that for traveling . if they are able to open their 2nd unit inside the town so it will helpful for other people also . in town any middle location will do it should be maximum 4 5 km or 10 km that is also fine but it was far way .
annamalai tiruppur dealership is located at outer part area and it should be located in city main area
all the dealership location should locate in official areas .
there should be an indication of the dealership on the main main roads . i stay 250kms away from jabalpur . jabalpur is municipal city and the dealership point of commercial toyota is in tilwara . in amarkantan jabalpur road , there should be proper indications as to where the right and left turns are to be taken . this would help people find their way to the dealership point . this should be done all over india . the local people would know how to go to commercial toyota but people who come from outside would n't understand roadside . or the toyota should launch a mobile app for the customers which connects through the mobile gps system . the dealership location should n't be in the out area . every company 's dealership should be located in the same area itself . e . g . in chhattisgarh vilaspur city , all dealerships are located in one area . this system is n't available in the other cities . in mobile apps , there should be proiper indications or sign boards for the dealerships .
there is a toll tax in front of dealership location . we went for servicing so we have to pay toll tax of rs . 150 . should do some arrangement for toll tax because location can not change .
the showroom is in the interior and becomes very difficult to travel there as it is out of the city . the other shops of wasan is in govandi and vashi and it is odd for us to travel till there . they should put up a work station for panvel station or panvel bus stop .
the service station is outside kolhapur and is 10 15kms away from my place . therefore there are lots of problem while going there . there should be a service center in kolhapur even if its 1km away , it would still be convenient for us . the one which i go to is on the highway and is far away .
mostly they need to improve in the location . location is too far . lots of traffic is there . they should start pick up drop service till location of infinium toyota .
the dealership is too long and far away for me . no dealership is available at tambaram hence , need to locate a new dealership there .
commercial toyota should open an outlet in the city . other service centres are almost situated far away from the city . commercial toyota is 15kms away from my place . dealership should be within the city itself . earlier there was a dealership outlet in my city but do n't know why it has been shut down now .
location should be nearby to dwarka .
location was near by but while traveling there that time we faced lots of traffic because of it time was waste location should be have nearby to at my home . they can have there service office in suber 2 or 3 loaction . on the way started a metro work . because of it there are lots of traffic
rajendra toyota location was too far . we leave the car there itself for servicing . there is no facility for going and returning . it has more problems because it is far from city . allahabad was 125km far from my house and 15 km far from allahabad . if they open near shorav service center it is 20 25km nearby . whenever we are leaving our car in rajendra service center there is no facility for transport . it should be there for betterment because of that i was frustrated if we are leaving our car in showroom then we needs to go with our car . this is the problem in rajendra toyota
location is outer from city . they haven \? t arranging any solution for this . we are travelling so far . while returning from there we have lots of problem . they should solve this problem .
the location center is as outer from city . because there is no bus facility over there . there should be bus stop facility in dealership nearby even there the bus never stands .
there should be one toyota service center nearby chakan .
they have to provide the service center in between the shamshbad and arranger chowrasta areas .
in navsari should be have location for work shop for emergency work in navsari have any workshop so there should also open a workshop honda or suzuki workshop had in navsari but there had no any toyota workshop for compton so toyota should open a worship indifferent different location in navsari .
dealership location should be inside the bhivadi .
location so far away . so it should be in itava or up .
the location center is too far from town . the ladies used to wait there but pick up and drop facility was available there since the problem was not there . if the service center is in town it will be fine . they should open the service center in town also .
i want dealership in nagercoil tirunelveli dealership is for honda , nizan , maruti company are there but toyota dealership is not there the people in kanyakumari are high settled they need innova and for tuner but dealership is not there in that place because of that they are not buying .
we not get parking over there when i was visiting there 2 times my car to by tactic police . proper parking facility should be available over there . showroom should have place for parking there is road so we have to walk for 2 3 km for parking .
the dealership location was far for me . for me the location was 60km far . i used to cross the town to dealership . if the dealership is at district head quarters will be more convenient . and this is a sales point also and needs to be serviced properly . at this location there is no service center .
they have to provide the dealership location in suchitra circle center , due to heavey traffic in present location it is very far
service center location should be improvement , because of it was very far for us .
location should be nearby right how it is infront of nh . if it is in silent area then it will be good . parking facility should be available over there . the place is very small right now very small place to drive the car . they should increase the area .
at \? lanson kanchipuram \? dealership only one ramp for servicing our car so one cars servicing finishing after they are taken other car for servicing hence , should be in existed ramp for servicing our car . it will be good for us .
location is far away from me . in noida there should be 2 or 3 more service center . service center location should be at nearby 5 km .
automotive location was at satan . from here it was 50 60km far . local service center are also not available over here . if the service center opened near local area it will be better for us . mp viva near service center should be available . but now where the service available is fine but there is no service center in local area . from here to travel till satan is far .
they we are sitting in the waiting room , there is no person to respond , on us
axis road condition was very bad , so it should be repair .
they have to provide the dealership location at jubilihills abids
dealership location should be improved . dealership location should be at vasant kunj or vasant vihar .
1 \) i stay at tempura in papaya patti on that we have to travel at 250 km for dealership purpose . service center must be there at tempura then it is better for us . 2 \) as compare to another company if we travel long for dealership then they provide money for easel in the travelling purpose . but toyota company not proving easel charges . 3 \) dealership center must be providing good quality food some people are facing problems .
i stay at vilaspur it is 250km far away from service center . so we not think to visit there much . they built td toyota camps . so we visit there for servicing location is far away so i am dissatisfied . they should open service center at ambikapur camp servicing is not sufficient compare to service center machines are not available here . so my suggestion is they should service center at ambikapur . we have spend 1500 to reach vilaspur for servicing again 1500 . so the expenses are more up to rs . 3000 td toyota should open service center with one office one person is here of sales at ambikapur .
which location have which is far away to us . location will have in last area .
the service center should be open at salem city it will be fine for us .
the service center should be ludhiana city .
dealership location is too far . if it is 10 km far is fine for us .
they should open new showroom at masrur , makhmallabad ato . because of express highway bridge this showroom come under the bridge . gangapur road is at 5 minute distance this road is good for the customer of pimpalgaon , ozargaon , yevale . they should open work shop at makhmallabad it will be good for the customer . traffic is less over here . so they should give priority to this area . maruti have small service station over there . if you open showroom over here then customer will get good service .
dealership location should be have nearby sachet .
area should be increase of this location because cars parks are park on road space is very small .
no improvement require
location is far away from my home it should be nearby at international airport all company \? s service centre are over there otherwise it should be at bodhguya .
location is far in pathanamthitta nearby they start one dealership . i purchased a car from thiravalla . location should have in panthalam another then a door .
wasan toyota dealership is very inside there is no facility for coming and going . the location should be at main area and nearby . in dealership the customer only get coffee and tea if the customer is leaving the car for servicing they should give break fast facility to the customer . there is no facility for food and no hotels available nearby the location . the location should be at outer position and it should be nearby the road side in which the sales will be increase and the customer also gets the good service .
if the dealership is at nagercoil then it will be good . we use to take separate time for service . in nagercoil there is more showroom of other company so there should be one showroom of toyota also .
in kozhilcode koduvalli have many car of toyota , so that 's why there should have dealership i thought that .
one have dealership location in thrissur and another one have in iringali kudayile to go thrissur dealership it far away to me another then we will have to go eranakulam kalamass dealership . dealership location should be have an inside 10 km . so , we comfortable to go there .
to cross the main city is very difficult for us . if the people staying at koyampattur north side will be very easy . if the people staying at other side will be more difficult . the center needs to be available at the same place where all can come . if the people sating at same place and the swale ship is not done properly . the dealership should open at center place of city .
dealership location was far from 120 km for me , so , if i went away for servicing my car , very far from me . so , one dealership opened at 60 km far from me , so it will help for me .
location should be like this when customer brings car to service center . he reached safely to the center . the azamgarh area is not proper for the driver to drive the car . the car used to be very rushed for parking . the service center should be there in place where the car can be removed easily . it should be simple for packing the car in service center .
dealership location is 200 km far away . there should be one service center at bhuj mehsana .
in kanchirapally should be have one dealership , so it will batter . if it will have nearby to it is also convenient for us .
dealership is too far from town . we used to walk for 1 km while living the car at service center . while leering they drop at bus stop but return going to center it was far the dealership location is far from bus top .
there should be a dealership in salem arthur it will be good in arthur salem will be easy for the customer to deal with the problem .
location is far away it should be nearly lucknow it is capital of up durance have lets of showroom of maruti it toyota open one showroom over here then it will be good . we have to go 20km long if it open here then we have to go only 2 km you should tell all things to them . they should increase dealership .
location is far away it should be nearby . every is ok i do n't know how they will improve in location .
i stay at nagercoil but anaamalai dealership is at tirunelveli i used to go there for servicing full day time west diesel waste for going over there if the is a dealership in nagercoil is will be good .
it is nearby 2 . 5 km for me the lanson dealership but there is one more dealership at kadalur where small equipments also we used to go kadalur dealership all the equipments facilities needs to provided in lanson dealership also then it will be fine .
our dealership is in gandhi nagar . so it \? s too far away infinium toyota is also in ahmadabad that is also only 2 so in taking appointment also it is taking long time . and the count of car is too much . i had to go 30km ahmadabad we is long they providing pick up drop in ahmadabad but not providing for outsiders . the rates of parts are very high . yesterday only my car was in servicing as one cable was not working the fill was of rs . 16 , 000 . they didn \? t give any discount . they should provide some for regular customer in infinium .
location is far away to at my home . pick up drop facility is there but if we go there our self so it will far away it should be at least 5 10 km nearby to us .
dealership location is at ajmer . it was 150km far from my location . i don \? t know the territory of dealership location . the jilla is different for us . the toyota dealership was close at our jilla . the location of ajmer is far 15 30km from city . it should be 5km inside the city .
dealership location is too for . it should be opened near palakkad also .
which have aravati toyota location , which are have in outer area . dealership location should be have littile bit nearby to a city , so it will batter .
the service centre location was too much inside . according to me location should be near kagadi road side or vagali main road or it should be at airport nagar .
location should be nearby like at civil line area or at aram bug road .
dealership location should be at thiroor .
i am facing problem at dealership location udaipur were i stay . for that i used to go ratlam . but it is not nearby . the rajpalk service center is convenient as compared to udaipur service center . 2 4 months i am facing a problem . the staff wo n't come on time . their is some internal problem so that i suppose to go ratlam dealership .
dealership location should be have near by to varkkala , so it will good in trivandram kollam have dealership location now but it was far away almost 30 40 km to varkkala toyota dealership location should be have every place like maruti , so it will good for us .
dealership location is not nearby at gandhidham . it should be nearby to gandhidham then it will be good for us . it is 130 km far away .
dealership road is not good . we face problems while travelling .
lanson thiruvannamalai dealership spare are narrow . the area should be vast and all the facilities need to be available .
dealership location was 25km far from me so it should be near by and service should be improved .
you service center is in jungle . after drop the car we have to go walk in to home . after 3 km we get any vehicle they should provide drop facility to customer . they should give facility of traveling to customer .
dealership location was at traffic area it should be near non traffic area it will be good .
dealership location service center is far away . nanavati main showroom is at varaccha but not service center . we have to go 30 to 35 km far away for servicing . there is no showroom near to varaccha so better you start a showroom at varaccha .
dealership should be have in patna because it was far away to us . while purchased a car they told me inside a patna near by of saguna road one more showroom will be open but till now it was not happen
the dealership was far from city . otherwise they should provide drop facility . while the car went for servicing at that time we used to wait for 2 3 hours . at least they should provide drop facility till city . after the car went for servicing there is no pick up drop facility . they can open a branch in city . vehicle and customer should get pick up and drop facility .
location was far for me . uttam toyota has 3 showrooms it is in papad gunj and noida . noida has only service option . if papad gunj has a workshop then we do not want to go to noida .
they should charge there location .
i thought one more service center should be opened , at mysore road or magadi road \? . because now i should travel 25km to reach service center .
one more dealership should be open , so it will good . which have dealership which have an east side but i live in west side , so it should be open in west side \?
no improvement require
location should on road side . it is inside .
there workshop location is far away it is not on the way the place where they have dealership location near by to that place only the workshop should available .
dealership location should be improved and also dealership location should be having nearby .
they are not checking quality of car after servicing that work is done properly or not . dealership location is 6 7 km far away . if should be nearby ti city then it will good for us . sitting arrangement is not proper at waiting area . place is small customers are more . they not follow there commitment .
shirrai toyota is far away . previously they have showeoom at mahalaxmi it was good . now it is far away inside . it should be at landmark so customer can reach easily because cotton green is inside service center is not on rey road .
dealership is far away . it should have nearby to city . it should be have nearby to mirut city , like when i drop my car in servicing center for servicing that time i have to wait there . so , it should have nearby .
i am staying at hosur . it the dealership is at dharamapuri or krishnagiri then it will be good . for going to salem the charges are high . we are paying for toll naka . times are wasted . bangalore charges are so hosur is easy for us . but the charges are very high in hosur .
dealership location should be have in kondodi , so it will good for us .
the service center location is at dumping road .
location should be improve . they should open service center in different area .
dealership location is 25 km far away . it should be at great noida .
location should be at west hill then it will be good for us .
this location don \? t have ksrtc bus and top it the location at ksrtc bus stop then it will be good for us .
harsha dealership location is far . i used to travel 15 km to reach the service center . if the service center is at guiney then it will be helpful .
i stay at marthandam and i used to travel 200km to reach anaamalai tirunelveli dealership . it is time waste and diesel waste . so the dealership should be nagercovil toyota dealership then it will be good .
location is far away to us , so it should be near by to us , because it was had an inside so service center should be near by . so it will good for us . and where car was serviced in between trade one glass sheet so we can see nothing they hide to us . everything had in transference . everything we can see .
location is too far from the center . it should be inside the city . it should be 1 2km nearby to the city .
dealership location is far away . hindi marathi showroom is in sector area but you showroom is outside are so it should be nearly in 10km distance .
dealership location should be have in city . if it will have nearby to city , so we can go there comfortability .
if the location is at thane ghodbunder then it is good . it should be there at connecting the central and western line then it will be good . the space is less in thane waggle . the traffic is too much
dealership location is far away . it should be at mumbai western line .
dealership should be open on sunday .
dealership is far from city . it is 20 km far . jd toyota should make nearby it is now at fix land road and has a problem . as per me it is a temparary set . sale showroom and service showroom are different . if the showroom should be nearby because the showroom where it is located their is no lunch facility . the location should be near to the hotel so that we can have lunch over there . this creates more problem .
there should be improvement on service . location is too far . if it is nearby then it will be well and good .
madhuban toyota is at east side . it should be at western side . khar is nearby if it comes to andheri then it will be good because we can save our travelling time .
the dealership location is 25km far from alwar . and it is in industry area it is very interior to industry area . if we ask any person about the service center no one are able to identify it too much inside . so the dealership should be at roadside . the service center should be at road it should not be inside any company . the service center should be 2 km far from alwar .
location is far away it is 40 km far away from raipur . it is should be at raipur at 5 km distance so we did boot face problems .
mabhuban dealership location is too far . i stay at jogeshwari from there i came to kurla for servicing . if the service center is at before 2 stations then it will be fine . like from jogeshwari to vile parle or andheri there should be service center nearby then it will be good in which we can go and check the car easily . all the things need to be update on phone itself .
we stays at village . so if location will be at out side of pune means at vagholi then it will be good for us . we face problem of road means we have to face lots of taffic . innova fortuner more at village . so if it is nearby vagholi then good for us .
they should work done properly and dealership location was should be nearby .
location should be to town . location should be at beniroad . because all company service center are there . it should be at 10km distance .
dealership location is quite far from my place open up another center in margaon .
dealership location were in front of premises so it should be development . dealership had already problems but i don \? t know what is that problem , the places problem are not . if the customer went away at dealership the way of roads is not proper their were kadaa . all the customers complaining about this . i am staying at bhandup and went to service centre chembur so i am satisfied . but i am not satisfied at the dealership location . so the dealership location should be good .
location should be on main road highway .
service center should be at pritampura .
dealership location is outside from the village . location should be nearby . it should be in nandurbar city . there should be service center for repairing and damaged at nandurbar only .
i stays at bokaro service center is 60 km far away from my home . i have to travel this much for servicing . it should be at at least 15 to 20 km distance .
dealership location should be within 10km then it will be good .
they only do water service ever if there is some other problem they won \? t do that . all facility of service should be available and space very less .
location is too far from town . it is 20 km far from my house to go there . the location should be nearby .
service centre should be have in purniya , darbhanga or bhagalpur . because we had to go patna for servicing . to come patna much better than we should get service centre an our place and also we should buy a car . they should be have innova showroom . service centre should be have in between 100km to 150km .
i am staying in mardhgao the toyota service center is located in vairna . this location for me not so far only bit far for me . toyota has some dealerships in certain locations like vairna other places . i do n't think they are in position to put any service center in mardhgao . unless they out source it to somebody else . if they are able to out source it to somebody else like how maruti brand do \? then it will ok . they will have to do that because now they sold so many toyota cars . it will take time so many cars come to one service center for servicing . if i am also come tell them i want my car back in the evening that time they are unable to give my car back in evening at same day . from that point of view they will out source it they have something closer to mardhgao then the workload on main service center will be less .
they should on location . it takes 40 km to go malappuram dealership . in throughput there is nippon dealership for that it is 5 km far . there should be location within 10 km nearby then it will be good .
dealership location its out if the way for me .
this location should be centraly located .
millennium toyota is far away almost 12 13km where i live . so it was very difficult to me for go there . service centre should be near by . in malad already have lokozy toyota service centre . but we didn \? t want to give a car for servicing on there . i want give my car in millennium toyota for servicing . so , in kandivali or borivali should be have toyota service centre so it will good for us . and also customer should get advantage .
service center should be open in ropar or anandpur .
dealership should have parking facility or space for parking nearby .
dealership location should be near but of kangadha , dear , jwalaji or daliriya .
if they should open one dealership at gummidipoondi then it will be good for us .
the location should be improved chenapettai 10km is far then fine but we used to travel 160 km . time are been wasted .
dealership location is far away . if it should be in city then it will good for us . it is far away in industrial area .
the first thing there is no location of toyota . the regular service which is done is of no use . i am telling you that any of the workshops of any vehicle , like 2 wheeler , 3 wheeler or 4 wheeler the work is done properly there . think like you had taken a car of maruti , so in workshop of maruti only maruti cars are standing there so the workshop of toyota should also be in proper area . we had purchased the car from aravali it is 650 km distance of aravali from our place . we are having udaipur nearby so a workshop of toyota should be open in udaipur . a good dealership location .
dealership location is on highway so we face problem to reach over there . they should give pickup facility .
they should improve the dealership location . it means service center should be nearby , like it should be at the center of nagpur or bus stand .
service center should be open in murkerian
the dealership location should have been nearer to the city , it is little far . always traffic jam is there . coming and going is a problem . i think this is difficult for them because there is hurriness in place nearer cities , that is may be the constraint for them . they can search for a place for a service center nearer shillong city .
there should be improvement in location . there is a mahindra city in chenampet . there is no dealership at guide , thuraipakkam , and thampuram . then it will also be useful for melmaruvathur dealership like that i feel it .
dealership location is far . it should be open nearby .
one service center should be near by tumkur road . because the peeniya service center was very far from me .
the service center should be open at out of mumbai . for me it 100km far to go for servicing my car . because of that the service center should be out of mumbai
location should be good . they should improve location .
harsha thiruvallur dealership the body shop work and all facilities of work should be available , then it will be good . harsha thiruvallur dealership there is no parking facilities if it is available then it will be good there should be pick up and drop faculty also available then it will be good .
location is on wrong side because one bridge built over there so it should be improved . because of that bridge we are facing problem . it is a government bridge
location is outside from nagpur city . it should be nearby like civil lines showroom at nagpur it is convinient . but if we want to visit service center then we have to spend full day . they should change the location open new nearby nagpur .
customers are coming to you from long distance like bhandara amravati so , you may have all the record and you know that which part the car sales more so you should open service center at that place . you don \? t have showroom at varadha and yavatmal if there is service center nearby then people who come from chandpur it will be suitable for them they will not face problem of traffic . i take car from yavatmal but service center is not there . so i have to come 150 to 200 km to nagpur . it is at kamatee and we have to spent full day .
dealership location should be nearby to ring road .
no improvement require
first frontage improves which location is there it is at building area so for customer for car parking they don \? t have place . those are coming appointment only for that only space is there either space should be increase or improve a colony also . 30 meters that side all over national highway improves it . either gets it on national highway otherwise your self can do it . there is no dangers that are driving . otherwise safety for the customer who their coming going out also for especially you can take write turn really there problem . there new national highway also boarding with that them self also improve all along with the improvement of the national highway . frontage improvement should be done . customer faces it because of traffic curve lots of accident happened over there .
location is far away . it should be nearby . it should be at centralized location near to sitabadi .
location should be improve , it should have in every district , it should have in bichnoli , district showroom should be have in every district in god so it will good for customers .
dealership location should be near by dvaraka .
dealership location is 15 20 km far away from my home . i book from chalakkudi which is 7 km away but there is no option for servicing . there should be option for servicing . i get delivery from irinjalakuda at kerala trishul district .
service center should at 20 to 25 km distance .
there is no dealership in kerala any where this should be one service center in that place then it will be good .
the location is 60km from at ernakulum dealership it should be at alappuzha dealership then it will be good .
they should change the location because it is very inside . it should be and main location like grater noida or uttam toyota the center should be at famous place . we use to travel 14km to reach the location . the location needs to change near grater noida and it should be at main road .
the location is far from 10 12km . it should be nearly the city at distance to 2 4km . because of that only if the customers is traveling from long distance so that the is not interested in attending the service centre so it should be nearly for letter performance .
in kochi have already two dealership , they should increase more .
dealership location should be at mavelikkara .
there is only one service center and there should be one more service center . midc and hinge like that place there should be a service center .
the location is out of city . there is a servicing center in nagpur . it should be inside the city . wade road hiring road . ect like this any one place it should be there .
dealership location is outside . because it was at worli there should be one dealership location at central mumbai .
in alapuz should have one dealership another then showroom for servicing we have to go ernakulum it is far away to us o didn \? t like to go so far away that why if dealership have in alapuz , so it will good for us .
there should be marking in dealership lavation because they do n't know where it is \?
if the location is in front then it will be good . it should be at main nodal or it should be at where other dealership is there .
more service center should be available at kochi .
sharayu toyota should open one more dealership we have to go 55km far away . now which have sharayu toyota , which have in south goa . so one more service center also should be open in an exchange south on where have our residence because from there we have to come . 55km to 60km far away for servicing so they should open a servicing center to 30km far their sharayu toyota service center , because we live an far away . we have to waste our full day for servicing .
dealership location area is very congested . area compound should be expanded .
dealership location should be industrial area .
