after taking vehicle for repair , they took 16 to 17 days which should happen in 1 to 2 days .
they should repair the car quickly .
they should improve the total time taken to repair the car .
t have any idea how toyota can improve the total time taken to repair the car .
they takes a lot of time to repair vehicle .
she replied me to fix a navigator machine that much time was taken .
cars of customer should repair as soon as possible and provide them .
they should fixed one time and on that time they should provide their vehicle , they says today service will get done and when we visit they says your vehicle will get tomorrow which is not good .
1 \) they should take only 1 hour time for small repairs like oil changing instead of hole day .
so instead they should already have the parts with them so they can fix it in less time .
they have to reduce the time they are taking long time for servicing or repairing .
if it is for repairing also they take too much time .
even after this much time they have not completely repaired .
taking long time to repair the car .
em 60 is programme , all dealership has this programme in tv or advertisement they show that the car will be repaired in 60mins .
they take around 4hour to repair the car
service center people anytime not give time to the customer tell us they had repair our car .
but they repair other person car .
car is for servicing or repairing i am not satisfied .
i went at 12pm the work was done by 3 pm the work was just to fix front wheel to fix rubber .
if i go on the fix time then too sometimes the ramp is not free .
all till now there is no problem but from 1 2 times are giving fix time .
before repairing machine takes trial then told the problem they should be take early .
when customer comes for servicing , he should be updated with the type of problems , damaged product and product which needs to repair .
if are going to repair only 2 cars but take 50 cars from customers for servicing then it does make sense .
the repairing department at millennium toyota , they are n't paying any attention there .
actually there was a small repairing in my car for which they said 10 days but took 13 days for that .
day time not fix at dealership this not should be happen .
