after taking appointment then also i have to wait 1 to 1 and half hour .
even there was no rush , work should be done immediately .
and when we call the service station then immediately they ask us to send the car .
after take appointment dealership staff should be servicing the car that time because customer take appointment but staff are not servicing car that time we have to wait for unnecessary 25minutes so that should be improved and they should have followed the appointment time properly .
as there are so many cars which executive need to follow so it takes much more time and i sat for long time .
there are 1 dealership only they should open more because we have to wait around 4 5 days .
they must not make us wait for 1 1 hour .
must attend us immediately since the person has taken appointment , finish his work first .
due to that waiting time is more .
whenever i go for service i have to wait outside of dealership till 30 minuets .
we have to wait on compound and even they don \?
they should do the work which they committed and also should not take too much time .
they should not take too much time of customers .
after service while collecting vehicle it took too much time .
we have to wait half hour to one hour .
if i go to bangalore or coimbatore we will give in 2 days but here i have to wait for 1 or 1 and half week
and outside customer like i went to korba from vilaspur and they were giving me two days time for servicing so i had to stay there for 2 days so that i could do complete servicing and need not come again .
i reached there on their buffer time so then they tell me your car is in waiting .
they made me wait for 8 hours .
1week 2 days time to book the servicing request .
though if it will get , then they kept the car aside for 3 to 4 days .
they have to take the servicing immediately .
we need to take booking before 7 days at toyota service location .
at last service i am waited too much time , should be improved appointment .
if there less car for servicing we are not waited long time .
hence i had waited more time .
once the appointment is confirm customer can delayed but if the customer is there in time that customer should be not keep waiting .
when the customer is already in the service center with their vehicle with his confirm time , then that vehicle should be immediately taken for service not by keeping the vehicle out keeping the customers sitting taking the vehicle for service in 1 hour or 2 hours is not .
we have to wait for 1 month this is very long time .
we have to wait for long time .
which people taken an appointment , they should first attained them and immediately work on it .
even after 2 days also they say us to wait .
for appointment we need to wait for one to one half house .
management should take the responsibility on appointment the waiting space needs to be wide .
even after 20 25 days also we don \?
it took 3 days for servicing .
when we dropped the car for servicing , they took 2 3 days .
we taken appointment then also we had to wait there almost 4 5 hour so they should do that work within half hour .
because they told to wait for 1 month , so that we have to visit sharayu for servicing .
waiting time is more parts are available of car .
