they are not providing the correct information . they do n't have a capability to estimate what problem is there in the system .
when customer come in showroom that time staff should quickly respond to customer and staff should give proper timing information about the servicing of car .
they should give proper information and rates should be clear and need to inform when car will be delivered .
technically , the required information and knowledge is not in them . i think the trainings are not done properly or else they might have given the training but the person \? s understanding level was not up to the mark . advisor must look into this , if they can convince the customer and they must understand the issue .
amana toyota motors and dealership is not just a small company it \? s a vast and huge one . if a customer is coming with any issues in their car then instead of giving reason to them for not doing try to provide exact information to the customers as well as explain the same in details .
they don \? t advice us anything . they work on problems which we mentioned them . they have trained executives so they should take a ride of our vehicle to check actual problem . they should also check that is there any other problem in vehicle rather than we mentioned but they do n't do this we have to inform them . they should tell us by them self that what is need to change in car , what should repair in car .
staff and mechanic should properly check and also trail the vehicle in roadside and all proper details information given to customer it was very help for the customer
staff are not working properly and they are not give proper information about the car .
if we go for one small work they did n't told us about further work , that 's need to improve . they did n't give us detail i think that is missing which they should provide and improvement should be their . if we go to service center they should check all the problem that any problem is their or not . if anyone is new and he do n't know about vehicle so they should check and inform this problem is also their must repair it .
in your place having lots of issue of service advisor . they are just continued with their phone calls . they do n't have proper knowledge of car handling . they are not handling properly and also not giving feedback on time to time . they even did not informed us by calling in between as this work has done and this has to be done . all things are getting missed so we informed them by calling so they fill embarrassed . after this they start to search . we have given this feedback to managing director .
first one they should provide information about the customer \? s query . staff don \? t have information as well as they are not aware . if we are asking something to them then they are telling you can do coating , you can do paint for shining . the package is only rs 12000 you can take it . how to drive car , how to keep the car , where we have to give attention , about the engine , about the safety . where we have done servicing of car or toyota 's service only will have done at toyota . do not brought it any other service center . any number is available these are all basic things , company have to tell these to their customers . they are not telling these .
customer should get right advise which is not getting . they do n't have the idea about the car . like how to drive the fortunar car so the maintenance and mileage will increase . they should have all the information .
i want to tell something if anything is required in service they don \? t inform us anything . for example if we tell them that headlights socket broken then they don \? t inform us that wiring is broken of headlamps .
they have to give the proper information to which the customer can understand
dealership staff should be friendly . they should provide all the information . should check the car and should provide all the information related to it .
they should give proper information about the service because once they told me that wheel alignment should be done as soon i reached home they say brake pad need to be changed which will cost 6000rs they should provide correct information
if we ask any questions from the dealership staff they do not answer properly . they do not give complete information about small parts of the car .
after servicing the car they should guide to customer told to pending work . they should proper detail information give to customer .
in few cases they are charging from additional bases so they should inform customer prior . intimation is required when charging any additional than service .
in between or internal communication or guidance with the customer if dealership will improve it then it would be good . if they give explanation in details about the works which is need to do do n't get time to time the proper information . when a car entered they should guide that this works need to do now and this works if will done later then also it will be oaky .
they should improve in explanation advice . expects are not good . in my family we have 8 to 9 car of different brand . toyota only not giving explanation . they are not giving explanation properly . they think that we don \? t know how to driver car they have all information .
they order spare part which they brought from bangalore due that it will be one day late . so after one went to dealership they told we have ordered after 5 o'clock so it will take time for spare parts to receive . staff must inform prior and explain the details .
they have to give the clarity information regarding do the delivering of the vehicle
they should give extra information in detail about our car servicing
basically a customer is very much dependent on dealership staffs about car insurance , on basis of staff 's convincing they take the decision for insurance . when our car gets the damage then staffs are unable to tell the exact information . when i want to take insurance claim then they put down my requirements but at the time when insurance co . staff visit to dealership then staff not able to explain to them about my car part damaged , due to the reason i did the claim but i am not getting claim .
the dealership staff never gives the proper information about the services charges . they never gives the correct details about their services . they need to improve in this aspects .
while giving explanation the staff knowledge was not proper . it means they said take car from dsk but it any problem occur like cash or insurance claim or any issue they suggest to go other dealership . so it should not happen it any work you ca n't do then you should inform us previously only .
dealership explanation should be improved . they should provide proper information about vehicle . but the fact is i my self have to tell all the problem . we ca n't provide all the information about the problem . we can tell only general information .
in servicing time if they are changed any parts of our cars then they should be given information to the customer . the advisors explanation should be satisfied . they told us parts should be changed . that time they should be checking the parts and what is this damage this explanation should be told the customer .
if waiting time is more then 1 hour then staff should in from us because we have to go to office if they take more time then it will have problem . if we come from take more time they at affects my job . if car have any problem then they should inform us without argument . they are only telling that they are giving free service but they are not implementing it . if they don \? t want to give policy they should not keep it .
in car which problem is their they should proper advice to them . they should first inform them which problem is their because customer can face problem . that 's why proper information should be provide .
staff should give proper information to customer . if customer do n't have information that any part is in warranty . so they should inform to customer . without reason they keep car for 2 day in showroom . they told us that guaranty warranty is not clear . so your car is over here . nobody is responsible person over there . there should be improvement in explanation advice of staff .
had a problem and the parts was n't available . so i told them to inform me as soon as the parts are available they asked for the advance money for the parts . must explain in a better way .
there should be knowledgable tecnician , also they should be given to proper information . not the information to bussiness purpose .
dealership staff must explain and guide us properly . must provide detailed printouts of the amount charged . if any parts needed to be changed then must inform the rate of it .
they have to give proper response and information .
when we visit for servicing the car they give explanation regarding it i felt same problem in it when we take car for servicing and if there is any issue or we have to keep car for one day there only they should inform about it after servicing they should not tell about it because for that we have to take car again to servicing center .
my smile pack was finished that i do n't know so they have to inform me about the same . after car servicing they told me . so they clear all the things before servicing .
before serving our car they should be given full information to the customer about our car like which parts are changed , why it changed that it .
after servicing our car while we are taken returned our car then they are not told us . information about our car they should be given he informants on to the customer .
they have to give the proper information regarding the dinting .
they have to give the proper response 2 . they have to change the key part 3 . they should not give wrong information and should give proper explanation
in car which work is done they should inform about that work that work should be done .
they have to give proper explanations when customers visits to the service center . 2 . they have to inform regarding the new version of vehicles to the customers
information should be given properly .
they are not giving the information in clarity . so they have to give correct information .
dealership staff must explanation properly to the customer . the time of spare parts purchase must be informed to us .
while giving information the staff needs to be experienced . because if we ask any questions they say that let me concern with my sir . this should not be happen .
they should inform the charges to the customer in detail . examination needs to be done after servicing . trail facility needs to be given to customer after the servicing completed . whatever the problem comes needs to shared with the customer . because once the service completed and the vehicle took to doorstep and then the problem arise is not good to them . the servicing needs to be done properly while handovering to customer .
if car have any problem they should inform the customer about the same properly .
they should inform each and every thing related to car . only that much information needs to be provided which is asked .
in servicing time they should proper information given to customer . when customer gives the servicing that time they should show to customer what was work they are doing in servicing also explained the issue of car .
they are trying to give more and more information in advance like do the service of this thing , which should be proper . if customers says i want this things then they try to convince the customers that do the service of this thing and that thing . they should look first what the customer is needed , not to force them .
earlier i was servicing my car at chennai lanson dealership . they have not mentioned anything to me regarding my car issues i . e . brake pad , tires etc . i clearly mention them what all problems i have in my car . when servicing the if they find anything faulty then they can do that well and inform us later . as per innova car we do services on the basis of km . and the dealership should clarify customers regarding their car service those who have newly cars .
you should impalement good schemes . they should inform us if any problem arise in future within the car . just watching the car they should let us no if we are riding wrong manner . they should informed us the correct manner of riding .
staff are not giving proper information about servicing . they should give us detail about the work they are going to do at the time of servicing .
advisor should inform beforehand that the process i going to take time . whatever 1 or 2 hours it would take .
1 \) they have to provide clear and clarity information 2 \) if the staff did any mistake they have to accept it and they have to rectify the problem .
commercial toyota service center service advisor always are in hurry so they did n't talk toyota . customer so much service advisor should give proper advise to a customer like what servicing wane car when require change in it such kind of thing they should inform to a customers .
according to me they should provide information to customer about the material parts . the part what they fix needs to be showed to the customer openly . customer doesn \? t know what parts are fixed . while retuning the car we itself don \? t know that what problem are been fixed \? they should show to the customer about the new parts and the old parts . how servicing are done by the service center needs to be understand by the customer .
they change ac air filter but did not give me proper information about it . last servicing they give all details .
while taking the car they should give full information . after servicing they give free offers , but we do not know the offers and they do not provide offers coupons . the other customer got the offers , but our servicing time i haven \? t got the offer , they said it is finished . and there was a offer on charges but no one said this even staff and distributor .
the advisor should not give wrong information to the owner in service centre . only the owners can give full and correct information . if the advisor is giving any advice about the parts are damaged it needs to the changed and they wont trust on advisors advice . the use the owners for that advice . if the owners car has stopped at middle of the road then only he come to know that the advisor has given the wrong advice . the advisor should not say to change the parts immediately it need to the repaired , this thing should not repeat once again in the service centre .
every staff should be good experience and clarity . each and every customer should get clear information about the service . every staff should not show the personal problem on their face while customer comes for service
1 . they should give the service explanation to the customer in detail . 2 . each and every customer they should give clear information about the service , because do not know about the mechanical line they do n't know what parts needs to be changed so the staff should give clear information to the customer .
dealership staff who explanation another then advise or which time they told an appointment both time was different and they told me you not came on time . so who people take appointment and who seat in dust , both co ordination was less . so which information they provide us which was wrong .
they should improve on their work explainations . if the car parts are not available in the service center they should call and inform to the customer . they should inform us to the customer about their speakers parts are not available .
there should give correct information to customers
in service center their engineer are little bit confuse in it should be improve they are not provide proper information i feel they had some personal problem they not talk properly . their engineer should be improve .
the staff needs to share the information about the service time . they should deliver the car within the given time .
