they should do washing in interior part also like boot space or window mirrors .
car must be cleaned from inside also
the vehicle should be cleaned properly from inside .
they are not cleaning properly both from inside and outside .
the interior gas was not given .
car must be completely be cleaned from inside .
they are not cleaning the vehicle interior
they must wipe with cloth inside also .
my car has not cleaned from inside .
we do not see what kind of services they have done but if it looks good form outside then we think that it is cleaned from inside as well .
they are doing proper cleaning inside .
they are doing proper cleaning inside also and polish .
the engine should be cleaned from the inside .
my car servicing after outside interior not cleaning properly and washing also not proper .
cars outside parts interior they should be cleaned properly .
in paid service they should be provide interior or external both service .
they should be cleaning the interior properly , from 8 years onwards , there is cleaning problem .
they have to improve the cleanliness and also the interior parts .
they do n't even touch the seat interior so it is very dusted .
inside part of interior , exterior and running board should be properly washed .
they are cleaning car from inside always they miss something .
they are not cleaning the interior and superior under body parts properly .
they should be properly doing interior claim
interior of car should be cleaned properly but they do n't do it .
how many times i said car needs to be cleaned properly from inside .
they are not cleaning the car from inside .
interior part of car needs to be cleaned behind the seat car also needs to be cleaned .
they have to do proper interior service
they do polishing of vehicle from inside as well as outside .
they have to do some more modifications interior servicing .
basis on their cleaning part of car the interior was not cleaned well .
due to hurry while doing interior cleaning the cleaning part of that is not done properly .
but when i checked the interior parts stain remained the same then i showed to them then only he cleaned in front of me itself .
they are not proper cleaning for interior .
the interior parts what i said was cleaned properly but it i haven t said that i am using my car for personal use .
interior parts needs to be cleaned properly .
the interior parts should be cleaned .
they are not cleaning the car inside .
cleaning needs to be improved and they do n't do vacuum in interior parts .
it should be improved they take full charges from their customer so the interior part should be cleaned .
