if we come there to leave the car then there is no bus available for us to come back .
this should be somewhere near kanjipuram bus stop
it would be convenient if the lanson dealership is near to mallur bus stop .
the location is in such a place where there is no bus stop nearby , we need to go 2 km for getting any vehicle to come back after giving the vehicle for servicing .
so they should arrange to pick drop till the bus stop or location should be near the bus stop .
the location of the dealership should be improved as there is no facility of bus to come back after giving the vehicle for servicing .
in this situation they should arrange for a pick drop for the customers till the bus stop .
there is no facility of bus also no arrangement for tea of coffee .
even if i myself go there in the evening to leave the car then while coming back you do not get any bus or any other vehicle from there and there is no auto also .
have to walk minimum 800 meters from bus stand .
i will not say anything about the location but there is no bus stop near the service center .
we need to go far to get a bus .
they should arrange a pickup drop till the bus stop .
it takes lot of time to reach the bus stop from the dealership .
so they should arrange a car for the customers to reach the bus stop .
it is very difficult to reach the service center to take the car after servicing as it is very difficult to get any bus or other transport .
it would be convenient in the dealership location should be near the bus stop .
after giving our vehicle for service it is hard to get transportation like bus or taxi from dealership area to reach our home so dealership area should be locating in city .
have to change 2 bus to reach dealership .
i pick up my vehicle and drop my vehicle , it is very difficult to travel through bus after dropping the vehicle .
dealership location as 55 60 km for pickup drop facility should be there near bus stop .
dealership location is at high , that places not bus servicing , it should be at nearby bus stop it will be good for us .
after servicing our car then we are returned at home that time city bus or auto facility is not there .
they should give us facility like private bus or other vehicle .
if we went away at service center , but when we came back , at britannia company after we are not get bus , taxi or rickshaw .
because we have to wait a long time for bus .
they dropped us only at the bus stop , i have honda ford company vehicle they provide pickup drop facility but toyota staff are not provide the same .
otherwise bus stop facility needs to the there near the center .
when we came leave the dealership facing lot of problems , we have to wait at long time they should be arrange the facility to drop the nearest bus stops .
from vadalur there is no bus stop is available .
only the bus coming from chennai will come through the place some bus driver will stop some will not stop in the place .
a bus stop facility is not available at the dealership area , dealership should get a special permission for the bus stop facilities and it is must in that place .
after leaving the car as well there is no bus facilities .
even the bus facility is also not available in that place .
if we want to go by which train or which bus then extra car should be available for drop .
they should put up a work station for panvel station or panvel bus stop .
because there is no bus facility over there .
there should be bus stop facility in dealership nearby even there the bus never stands .
t have ksrtc bus and top it the location at ksrtc bus stop then it will be good for us .
it means service center should be nearby , like it should be at the center of nagpur or bus stand .
