similarly , toyota needs to give free services for such services .
totally we have 3 free service in toyota but on 2nd time when i came for servicing my car they charged for me thus i asked for the refund and they said it was mistaken and apologized me also refunded the cash .
servicing should be fully free they should not take charges for engine oil also .
they should wash the vehicle free of charges and should not take charges for small things .
they are saying it is free service then also they are applying chargs .
my servicing is still free but the estimated cost which they have charged that was around rs .
they should be given 3 everything service free charges .
they have to give the free service for as an we had rectify taken
we have i year servicing free if the car is new .
terms condition for charges fees in free services they said we give free service on 10000 20000 kilometers so it should be totally free .
the thing which was in warrantee period they charged for it they gave free service , the payment which they charged should be taken again .
they were mentioned that 3 services are free , once there was issue in my car .
glass was touched at somewhere so they was not included it in free service .
they have to do free service instead of paid services .
service charges should be decrease , we get all small packages , its also free to wash give them .
they should provide free pick and drop facilities as they charge approx .
there is a some items considered in warranty , some other vendors provide some items in free .
to others toyota dealership service center or inferior not provide free .
service should be free at the wed aliment .
before they told me they give free service , but after when i go their they take charges .
if they want to take charges then they should be not tell to us its free
so it should be free .
they should do this work at free of cast .
when there is a free service they should not charge it .
it was free servicing , car run 1500km .
camp should be kept free alignment should be their .
i have complaint with warranty period till now they are not solve it for that they take a charges if they are not solve our problem then they should be provide free of cost service .
all work should be free for first three service .
for free servicing the take 1600 for 5000 km .
they give information that we can get free servicing but they take charges .
there was free service then also they taken 450 rs from me they have not given any explanation and also not told why they have taken so many rupees .
it should be free .
suppose we are running our car 5 , 000 km , then they are not taken the charges , should be given free service
should provide free washing , dusting .
and inter cleaning also free .
sometimes the free service is complete earlier than the paid services .
we get one servicing free an one year an outside service center .
if the charges are free of cost they should not apply extra charges on it .
washing service needs to be free .
they should do free service on the charges of rs 1000
15 20 , 000 km which service have , which is free but in last to last service which serviced done in 16 17 , 000 km that time they not changed filter of oil .
6300 charges for this , so i didn  t get now much charges was free if servicing was free , so why they taken charges for filter of oil .
the free service should be free and they should not ask us for charges in free services .
they said one year service is totally free but last service they asked me cash to pay .
they should free service given to first service customer .
last year i had done double payment under the schemer where 2 servicing was free .
they do not even give wheel alloyment for free .
they say that first servicing is free and when we go for second servicing , they include first servicing charges in it .
they told me that the servicing was free of cost but charged me .
when they say that the servicing is free , they are not supposed to charge for it .
within 1 year of duration till certain km service should be free in this time they not should take the charges from us for that .
they should give oiling free of cost on our vehicles .
when we take the car at that time the toyota person inform us first 3service is free of cost .
they should free service for new car .
first they given us three free coupons , but after they taken charges , so this should not happen .
like free polishing , free check up , free maintenance , free washing , free a .
c service or 50 free servicing .
when i purchase the car they told me you will get free service but it is not happen they take charges from me .
they should not apply charge on free servicing .
they should give add on service and free washing facility to the customer .
car servicing and break servicing be free .
they also taken the free service charges and oil servicing charges should be less .
the take 35 400 rupees for pick up and drop but other company provide free facility .
maruti also give free service .
they should give pick up and drop facility for free .
last time when i visited they give me free service .
they should give free service for 1st 2nd visit .
free service is there but they are taking rs .
free service should be absolutely free .
i think they should do free servicing as per warranty .
