they should clean the glass of the vehicle properly .
there was spot of oil on glass .
they don t clean small parts of car like rubbers of door , gaps between door windows .
technique with they use for cleaning is proper but windows glass rubbers strip of doors corners are not cleaning properly .
like there are stains on glass , hands print are left or once when i opened the bonnet it was very dirty .
they done other parts clean properly but glass not .
they should keep in mind corner glass while cleaning .
whenever i open the car over here i see that so many stain remain on desk board , on glass i deep on saying to clean up properly .
cleaning should be well even the plastice over the glass also clean properly .
all cleaning the car they are not setting the speaker properly some of glass was not cleaning so they should improved in cleanness service .
they are not doing proper washing for glass so they should done it properly .
if they should be clean glass with wet cloths m 's gives me good feeling .
they should clean 7stain on glass properly
after servicing our car they are not cleanning our cars seat , glass and also outside parts .
in servicing time car should be cleaning properly and on the glass should not remain the dark spot
so it again dirty they are not cleaning properly they are not clean the glass properly they used the same cloth for all the car glass .
they are not doing the oil clean all the glass .
they should give attention to windows and door sometime its look so should clean properly
glass , door and dash door should be cleaning properly .
they need to clean glass of car properly .
after washing glass it 's remaining same in glass has stain .
they cleaned only glass , the under part of car was not cleaned properly it was fully dirty .
glass needs to be cleaned properly .
they do not clean the glass of windows properly .
also the rubber on the glass is not cleaned properly .
after cleaning our car dirt remained our car also stains remain on the door glass .
one more thing i told them to do my work for wiper , they charged me 250 rs for small in wiper , that come of the next day because see i realize that when the dust is in the glass of the vehicle of the wiper , but it was earlier they charged me 250 rs because they charged for the part of the thing .
there were spots on the glass of my car which they did n't clean .
2 \) the vacuum cleaning and the glass should be cleaned properly .
not properly washed my car also left side window not washed , so , washing should be improvement
car window was not cleaned .
glass needs to cleaned .
avoid use of chemical , because after servicing my car it was good looking , but after two to three weeks cars body color fully damaged and there was a dots on the glass , so they should avoid use the body washing loshans while washing the car .
the dot remains the same on the glass while cleaning , then i took my car to private for cleaning .
