in aravalli dealership they don t have vacuum cleaner .
they should wipe the vehicle with dry cloth before giving .
if the cloth of door comes out then its make noise .
cloth of bumper , mungat and bonnet 's is very light .
they should clean by removing seat and mateen and also should use vacuum cleaner
they should use vacuum for cleaning .
they are using the same cloth to clean the all parts of the vehicle
general cleaning vacuum cleaner should be properly clean the car .
they should clean the vehicle properly and should vacuum in a proper way .
they should use shampoo or something also they should use vacuum cleaner to clean the dust
vacuum cleaning process should be properly done .
after service they should be clean the car to use wet cloths .
my car form outside they should be doing good dry cleaning
vacuum facilities and clearing and washing is not good means out of 100 only 90 we car give the mark .
when they gave me the vehicle , they did n't vacuum it .
but then they told me that within 10 15 mins they are vacuuming it and give it to me .
so next time they should not forget to vacuum the car .
when they clean the car that time service center persons are sometimes clean the car with dirty cloth .
they should at least use one cloth clean the car .
they should use one cloth clean it .
they do n't use the cloth properly for cleanliness .
they should use wet cloth clean the car
they are given proper treatment to customer in waiting they should give drop to customer there is only car for drop and it is also not good in condition they should keep drop customer in old car customer cloth also spoil .
because in last servicing also didn t used vacuum .
while cleaning the car they should use good quality cloth .
after the work they have told me that they washed my car with the vacuum cleaner but i have seen that they did not use vacuum cleaner they use blowing wind .
they should clean the car completely from downside for this they should use cloths and soap .
they just give car by washing it with cloth .
they should clean car with their vacuum .
in service center there is good equipment for cleaning the car like vacuum cleaner then also they won t clean it thoroughly .
they should clean the car with clear cloth
the vacuum is not proper .
they do n't do proper vacuum for seats .
the chemical should be us dirty cloth for cleaning while returning from the service center the cleaning needs to be done properly .
