they should provide discount to us
if they are deducting any charges regarding the offers then they should provide correct details about that .
8000 for 1 servicing so they should give some discount to us .
there is a problem regarding offer letter .
they should decrease the charges and should offer extra discount it their regular customers .
in charges they should provide the rebet and should give some discount .
as per the margin should provide the discount so that customer be satisfied .
it would be good enough if some discount is given on the charges .
they should give discount on the charges paid after sales service to the regular customers .
whatever charges i paid for last service , i am not satisfied with that , it can be more less they can take but also committed me next time my charge will be get discount
they should provide discount offer to customer also providing free service to customer like car washing .
some discount offer should be given to customer and charges should be improved .
discount offer should be providing to regular customer and charges should be reduced .
their should be and discount in charges .
their should be an offer of 2 , 14 or 17 .
previously i was having hand car they were giving offers .
if we keep our car for 4 days in service center then they applies charges of that days so in that they should give some discount .
whatever offer is being given should be informed to the customers in advance .
they should offer discounts to the customers .
they are taking too much charges so they should offer some discounts to the customers .
they should offer some extra discounts to their regular customer .
they should give extra discount on charges to the customers
they should provide service packages discount to us .
they should give some discount .
they should provide special discounts for the regular customers .
they should give discount to the regular customers .
this should be reduced means they can give offers discounts which the can tell us also follow it .
they can offer some discount bonus to regular customer who visit touching service station in every 3 4 months .
i am not asking everybody those who comes always they should get discounts free service or bonus after 5 service .
i am not saying they charge more it is reasonable but offers should be provide to regular customers .
they should provide 5 to 10 discounts .
servicing charges is high should give 10 discount .
discount should be given to the customer
rathod service center not providing any discount .
in mumbai panvel center give discount to customer .
they do n't give any discount .
there should be have discount in service charges .
they should give discount to regular customer .
in charges they should give the discount .
in that some discount should be there .
servicing charges should be less it should be 20 discount .
they should give offer to old customers who are doing servicing from them only they should give discount to privilege customers we have to pay more charges then market price all least 10to 15 charges should be less .
must give some offers to the regular customers
for regular customer they should give discount .
they should be us 5 to 10 percentage discount
they should give discount on net charge .
service center should give discount offer to regular customers .
if service center giving any offer then they should inform us by massages .
because when we visit then only we come to know the offers information .
while servicing our car , charges should be discounted it will be good .
discount offer should be updated at whatsapp or email .
they should give discount to regular customers .
and there should be some discount scheme .
they should be give discounts in their services to their regular customers loyal customer .
they should servicing car on discount rate .
there is a scheme like there is a festival like diwali then we will get discount or they give some date they give discount on that day .
so they discount like this .
they are taken more charges , and it has no discount .
at lanson dealership taken more charges , they should be discounted it 20 company to other company , lanson dealership are taken more charges .
and they should keep the discount in the charges .
should be given to the customer offer and discount .
if service charges in more then one an half lakh then they should give discount on that .
charges should be discounted .
they should give discount on the charges .
they have to provide discount offers
they have to reduce the charges with discount
they should reduce charges give discount to us .
one time if customer is doing servicing then second time they should give 10 to 20 discount on charges .
that time they should provide little bit of discount to us .
i gave my car for servicing till 8 month in harsh dealership so , they should reduce the service charges for regular customer other then they should give some offer to the regular customer .
sometimes should announce offers and keep 30 , 20 discounts on servicing
they should be giving some discounts in servicing to their regular old customer who always visit only toyota service centre .
customer needs to be satisfied with the charges because we used to go there itself and discount must be provided .
they should give discount to regular customer .
which customers are doing the servicing from a particular dealership for 1year to 4 years toyota should give 5 10 discount to them .
they should be give some discounts to the old customers who are very regular for servicing the car .
and also they should be give discount .
if we done servicing there so they give membership and then they provide discount .
for regular customer they can give any after or discount 10 to 15 discount for regular customer if they give then it will be good otherwise they they can do service other side .
they have to give the discount on charges
because their charges are less also they provide bonus offer .
we had to go local workshop for the servicing much better service centre should provide discount the customer .
charges should be discounted for daily customer
they are put the more rate for general check up of the car , after we pay the cash they discounted it .
they should reduce the charges give us discounts .
they should be a discount facility to the customers .
10 20 discount should be given on service charges
there should be discount in service charge even charges needs to be low .
they should provide some discount or offers to the customer while servicing the car .
service charges should less and they should be given offer for service charges like six month free servicing and other planning .
must give some offers .
charges should be reduce and also should provide discount to customer .
but if they give some discount then it would be good .
they should offer more discounts to their loyal customers .
they should give discounts to old customers on rates .
they should give some extra discount to the customers .
they should give discounts to loyal customers .
they should charge low and even they should give discounts to their regular customers .
they should active coupon system and should give discounts on services .
some offers or discounts should be there for regular customers .
they have to intimate the offers or benefits before itself so , charges will reduce .
they have to give discount after servicing
they should do discount somewhere like in cleanliness like inside of car which they take of rs 28000 which should reduce .
they should provide discount to a customers .
they should give additional discount like 5 or 10 to regular customers .
they should give discount offer to regular customer .
but we don  t get any discount from there .
at the time of purchase still now i did not get any offers from the toyota service center .
the other brand like hyundai , sometimes they give offers to their customer .
like same the toyato should give offers to regular customers .
i sawed at akbar that they provide more offers to their customers .
but still now we haven  t got any offers from the toyota .
if the customers get any offers then only they visit at least once to the service center .
they should provide service discounts .
the small 2works also the charge high and they should discount facility also .
this is wrong was an also charge 475 rupees but they give discount facility .
discount facility should be there and rate should be reduced .
for that they should give 10 discount on service .
and also they should give discount on rate .
for that they should give 10 to 15 discount to customer .
they should give discount on charge , so it will good .
i get discount when i have swift car but here they are not give any discount .
charges required the improvement they should give special discounts on servicing .
charges location should improve but charges should be improved most like they should after some discount .
