they are not providing the correct information . they do n't have a capability to estimate what problem is there in the system .
when customer come in showroom that time staff should quickly respond to customer and staff should give proper timing information about the servicing of car .
they should give proper information and rates should be clear and need to inform when car will be delivered .
staff are not working properly and they are not give proper information about the car .
they have to give the proper information to which the customer can understand
dealership staff should be friendly . they should provide all the information . should check the car and should provide all the information related to it .
they should give proper information about the service because once they told me that wheel alignment should be done as soon i reached home they say brake pad need to be changed which will cost 6000rs they should provide correct information
they have to give the clarity information regarding do the delivering of the vehicle
basically a customer is very much dependent on dealership staffs about car insurance , on basis of staff 's convincing they take the decision for insurance . when our car gets the damage then staffs are unable to tell the exact information . when i want to take insurance claim then they put down my requirements but at the time when insurance co . staff visit to dealership then staff not able to explain to them about my car part damaged , due to the reason i did the claim but i am not getting claim .
dealership explanation should be improved . they should provide proper information about vehicle . but the fact is i my self have to tell all the problem . we ca n't provide all the information about the problem . we can tell only general information .
in servicing time if they are changed any parts of our cars then they should be given information to the customer . the advisors explanation should be satisfied . they told us parts should be changed . that time they should be checking the parts and what is this damage this explanation should be told the customer .
they have to give proper response and information .
before serving our car they should be given full information to the customer about our car like which parts are changed , why it changed that it .
after servicing our car while we are taken returned our car then they are not told us . information about our car they should be given he informants on to the customer .
they have to give the proper information regarding the dinting .
they have to give the proper response 2 . they have to change the key part 3 . they should not give wrong information and should give proper explanation
information should be given properly .
they are not giving the information in clarity . so they have to give correct information .
they should inform each and every thing related to car . only that much information needs to be provided which is asked .
in servicing time they should proper information given to customer . when customer gives the servicing that time they should show to customer what was work they are doing in servicing also explained the issue of car .
they are trying to give more and more information in advance like do the service of this thing , which should be proper . if customers says i want this things then they try to convince the customers that do the service of this thing and that thing . they should look first what the customer is needed , not to force them .
staff are not giving proper information about servicing . they should give us detail about the work they are going to do at the time of servicing .
1 \) they have to provide clear and clarity information 2 \) if the staff did any mistake they have to accept it and they have to rectify the problem .
according to me they should provide information to customer about the material parts . the part what they fix needs to be showed to the customer openly . customer doesn \? t know what parts are fixed . while retuning the car we itself don \? t know that what problem are been fixed \? they should show to the customer about the new parts and the old parts . how servicing are done by the service center needs to be understand by the customer .
while taking the car they should give full information . after servicing they give free offers , but we do not know the offers and they do not provide offers coupons . the other customer got the offers , but our servicing time i haven \? t got the offer , they said it is finished . and there was a offer on charges but no one said this even staff and distributor .
every staff should be good experience and clarity . each and every customer should get clear information about the service . every staff should not show the personal problem on their face while customer comes for service
there should give correct information to customers
in service center their engineer are little bit confuse in it should be improve they are not provide proper information i feel they had some personal problem they not talk properly . their engineer should be improve .
the staff needs to share the information about the service time . they should deliver the car within the given time .
