they should provide tea coffee in waiting area , when customer waits there .
waiting area should have tea , magazine , lcd comfortable couch facilities .
the bottle they given us to drink water it should be better and if there should be a docking station where we can charge our mobile .
they should offer tea coffee and should have proper arrangement of tv waiting area should not have too much noise and should also not have foot fall of mechanics .
they should ask for coffee or tea .
sometimes we have wait long time but no one ask for tea and coffee .
they can provide coffee there .
there is no arrangement of tea coffee .
they should offer water tea to the customer and customer should see the vehicle during servicing
also they should improve in tea or coffee .
in the waiting area , there should be avail a coffee vending machine and they should ask for water .
and that time some people go to the tea shop and some others just walking outside and we also can \?
there should be tv in waiting area , water facility should be there .
the waiting area available in grand toyota there no body asks for water or tea .
that 's ok if they do not ask for tea but at least come to ask for clean drinking water .
if we have been waiting there for 2 hours then at least there has to be somebody to ask us for a glass of water .
so there at least some one come and ask us for a glass of water .
person coming there would have already taken his tea or coffee from his home but water thirst can be felt any time .
only thing is that they must ask for water .
they should ask the tea and cofee in waiting area
the waiting area should have drinking water and tea facilities .
at least they should offer water to customers when they come to should provide the tea and all without asking .
water machine should be there because it is summer season now .
serving water should be seal pack .
t even ask for tea .
if we ask tea or water , then only they give .
i we tell him for drinking water he was telling us , it is available there if we asked for coffee then also he saying same thing .
once i gave a germany car for servicing there they had asked for tea , coffee , buttermilk .
they should offer tea and water to the customers .
t even ask for tea or coffee , they should at least ask for tea or coffee .
their should be available tv , glass , water a c also .
if we visit to the waiting room they ask for tea and coffee .
they should arrange tea , coffee in the waiting area .
there were is not available news paper and magazine in waiting area and they also not offer tea and water .
if any customer sitting for long time there person should come to us and said will you have a tea and coffee something like that .
there should be proper drinking water arrangement .
they should make arrangement for tea snacks .
they should offer tea and comics to customer , who is waiting in waiting area .
coffee shop should be open more time .
suppose we are seat there and no one come there to ask at least for water .
they should offer coffee , tea and water to the customers .
tea coffee facility should be available and they should provide magazines to read or somethings thourough which we can do time pass .
water or tea nothing is there in the waiting room , when new customers they give attention to them , they offend to them only .
we need to tell to them ten times to give water .
they should ask for coffee or water in waiting area .
when we take car of 30 to 35 lake for services center , they are not preferring a tea also , they should provide tea it will be good .
staff should be trained like if we ask tea or coffee then also they do n't come till half hour and in waiting area good cleanliness should be maintain .
in a waiting area should be have water , snakes and canteen service if females customer comes .
they should be ask for water when customer go therein waiting area has lots of people look like fare .
for customer tea , coffee should be good .
they can provide tea or coffee that is very satisfying .
also they should represent tea of coffee .
so they arrange 1 coffee for the customers .
trained staff should be their ask them that they require tea or coffee .
they should available snacks bar also they should be available vending machine , vending machine means you want to buy any snacks like buy chocolates or coffee .
those who come in service center , there should be a separate waiting area for them with the arrangement of tea and coffee along with t .
they should offer tea water to customer in waiting area in summer season .
in washing area there should be cleanliness and water launch facility should be available .
they should be provide good service seating arrangement if some customer wait till morning to evening than they should provide at least tea an coffee
in waiting they do n't ask that they require tea or coffee .
ac water was leaking .
they should provide tea or water to customer .
due to that it is so suffocating there even no cold water there .
they should offer customer tea water 2 3 time i visited there did n't offer me anything .
area are little congested their has no facility of cold water .
lots of people coming and going from their tea and water person also coming and going .
they should asked customers in tea coffee and water .
separate provide tea , water and ac car owner and driver , lunch should be provided to the driver .
they are not doing proper water wash , the body of the car also not cleaned properly .
however after we reached that time only they started to water service .
in waiting room should have drinking water \?
in summer time they should charge the drinking water like according to climate they give .
at waiting area wi fi is not connected it should be connect , normally there is no sitting facility tea , coffee facilities , so they should provide all this things .
tea coffee and snacks should be available .
we are not getting tea water on time .
they should give at least water on time .
at least they need to provide tea or coffee or water facility needs to be provided to customer .
water facility needs to be good .
in waiting area sofa should be clean and which they provide refreshment like tea and coffee quality , it should be improve .
in waiting area staff was not provide water or cold drinks to a customer atlatl they should or cold drinks to a customer , at least they should provide water or cold drink in summer time to a customer .
owner waiting room should be comfort also they should provide tea snakes .
in waiting area they should ask tea , coffee or to the customer .
when we go in the waiting area they do not ask for tea coffee .
the one who come to take our car we ask them to get tea for us , but they themselves never ask us if we want tea , water or cold .
do we have to ask you for one cup of tea \?
now who will go 20 kms and then come back again 20 kms so we wait in waiting area then they must at least ask customers for a cup of tea .
they should have a good waiting area , they should have a separate area for drivers , the noise of outside should not come in waiting area , waiting area should neat clean , comfortable and ac should working there , they should ask for tea , coffee water to customers .
they should ask for tea coffee to customer .
there is no seating arrangement and drinking water facility in waiting room .
lanson pondicherry waiting area is very clean and also provide tea and coffee .
there is a tea stall in waiting area for customers \?
they should have the refreshment in waiting area link magazine and should offer something with the tea .
they should change the drinking water time to time and waiting area should be comfortable
avoiding the machinery tea and coffee they need to make manually the tea and coffee to its customers
there should available facility of tea coffee .
they are not asking about water also at waiting area so they should affer water at waiting area .
inside there is no arrangement of cold water .
we have to go out and say loudly to bring water .
if someone visits to the center they say wait for half an hour till that time no one ask for water .
there should be one more coffee machine at waiting area .
at satarkar toyota they should offer customer tea , water .
there should be facility of water at the summer time ac or cooler should be available over there .
wifi was not working properly and also water supply not proper .
they should give cold water and canteen facility over there .
the water should be proper .
must clean waiting area and they should have clean waters facility .
there should be fan , water ac facility available at waiting area .
they should improve in waiting area before it we get tea or coffee but now we not get anything so they should concentrate on it .
