they should not apply more tax on the spare parts rate .
also they should be provide details for the tax charged on spare parts cost .
service cost should be a bit decreased the tax should be included with the rate .
they should decrease labor charges and taxes .
they should update the customer about the taxes before taking it , and are taking extra 2 charge when we pay by our card so it should not be taken .
they should decrease the taxes .
for the service tax you charge .
10 but fitting charges are 40 rupees on that also they will put labor and vat charges .
they do n't know about taxes like how should apply the taxes and where to apply the watt even gm also do n't know .
they should take normal service charges and should not take tax on all small things .
they have to reduce the labor charges and service tax
too much tax is charged .
in the last service they charged me more service tax so this should be reduced .
they should reduce the service tax .
having income tax on car washing service charge .
after adding the service charge and service tax the small items also become a big one as they add in that .
they should less the charges and service tax .
they should update the estemate charges is including service tax
the should decrease the labor charges and taxes .
all bills charges , service tax labor charges should be reduced
1  they should include the vat charges in the labor charges
they should decrease the tax .
12lac they should take tax of rs 10k instead of tax of rs 27k .
service tax charges is also high .
if they are applying tax and all then reduce it or applying tax on stuff the reduce it .
they should decrease taxes .
tax and labor charges should be reduce .
if i calculate the price then a wheel cap cost me 500 by adding tax it comes around 550 and for all the wheels it goes to 2000 .
they should reduce the service tax .
they should reduce the service tax .
they should not take too much taxes and they should decrease the prices of break 's leather .
10 , 000 because there was many tax charges are added .
you apply tax for each and everything .
on labor charges bill also have applied the tax .
should not apply tax on labor charges .
for normal servicing they are charge 7000 to 8000rs so they should reduce the tax charges because compare to mahindra toyota charges is very high .
taxes labor charges is very high they are also charge for test driving .
servicing tax charges should be reduced .
while charging the customer for their service they can avoid tax on the small parts which are been replaced or repaired .
vat taxation is high it should be reduced because on an amount you put 6 or 12 vat is applied .
they should charge service charges only the work they are doing not charge they should less the charge of tax related .
they are taking more service taxes , so they have to reduce it .
service charges is more it should be lass , that 's why it helped used in tax .
they are taking more service tax .
service charge tax is more , if it is decreased then will be good .
they are more taken laborer charges and it also takes tax .
they are taking more tax for spare parts servicing charges are more so , they have to reduce it .
vat charges are high .
vat charges are 15 18 points something which should be reduced because i had got a bill of rs .
1200 as the vat charges .
also there are many customers like me who are doing servicing in private because of this vat .
500 in that we are not been charged this vat charges .
today the company in which vat charges are there , in that if we want square part or any original thing we will get but on that original thing the vat charges are there that is too much .
they also take a huge tax they should be take less charges compare to the market .
the labor charges of their including vat , tax the total charges is become costly .
tax charge and ac charges are very high .
tax is very more it should be less .
they should take less tax from the customer and there should be privacy in online billing payment .
they should be have less charges labor charge also more car parts are postal service tax should be less its should have little bit concession
tax vat charges should be decrease .
servicing charges and taxes they are taking more , it should be reduced .
past tax is 5000 servicing tax is 2000
there is no meaning to take tax in wrong way .
service charge should be less and which they tax they charge it should be also less .
hence i thought if we are servicing our car at outside and save our servicing tax money .
labor charges , oil charges and tax charges are more it should be reduce .
service charges , tax oil service have more charge .
tax should be less .
they are charging tax also 250 rs to 75 rs .
if the reduces tax amount it will be good for the customer
spare parts tax rates are very high in harsha dealership .
they should reduces service tax because when we took the bill .
i saw they were included so many service taxes .
they have increase there charges also in news it is shown that there is decrease in taxes but have it is same if there is difference of 100 to 200 rs then it may be fine but they take almost 700 of 800 rs charge .
but here they take 3500 18 tax also .
the service tax , vat , labor charges should be reduced .
charges are a little too much they should be taxed at least 20 by paying taxes other taxes
tax and other charges should be less .
the vehicles spare parts and tax rate very high , it should be less , it will good for us .
we regularly come to their dealership only so they must reduce amount and taxes and extra charges .
service tax and labor tax and spars tax charge are very high its should be less .
bill amount is about 15000  in that tax is 3500  .
tax amount is more than rate of items .
do n't know why the tax are more
they are more taken service charge , service tax and laborer charge , hence it should be less
charges should improve they are taking vat on labor charges so it should not happen the charges they had take from me vat charges which was they taken on labor charges they should return it as refund .
amount taken as tax in regular charges like oil charge , water wash , spare parts charge is more .
it cost around  2500 tax only .
if they are reduce the charges and tax , the vehicle are come more for servicing .
they should not take tax for journal routine check up .
now they are taken more charges also they put the tax , so we faced problems .
the tax needs to be low .
market value is satisfactory , but service tax is too high .
rule we have to pay the taxes .
they might not take the service tax , they can take the labor charge .
there is 12 14 for vat but there are some items for which the vat is 5 .
they take 14 vat in average .
the hidden charges are more like wafer 500 labor charges 500 and government audit tax are the charges .
labor charges should be less also they are adding service tax in customer  s bill .
so , service tax should be paid half percent by company .
charges and taxes should be less , they should not add any amount it the bills which they added by themselves .
while they took charges then they add tax also , hence it should be less .
charges and tax are high in rate that need to be reduced .
labor charges are little high apart from this there are taxes .
in this they included service charges , vat and some parts .
the pricing is very high and they charge various types of taxes .
they should reduce the tax .
they take labor tax after every work .
they even charge labor tax after changing the break pad .
they charge tax on every little things we get done .
we are n't satisfied with the amount of extra taxes they are charging .
they should only apply tax once on the final bill .
service tax charges labor charges was very high so they should reduced the charges .
charges should be reduced tax charges was very high .
they include various unnecessary taxes on the bill .
they do n't give basic estimate , they give bill including all the taxes .
they should at least tell the customer the amount of actual bill without taxes .
tax charges should reduce because they are charge tax 2 extra so reasonable charges should be given to customer .
the dealership staff need to be very much transparent towards this tax , parts , additional charges , general charges etc .
they have to take reasonable charges for service tax
they should improve on the payment because the charges tax are more .
bill all taxes was include or in it labor charge was high if they put less tax and another then not take taxen , so customers will first preferred showroom for servicing and also or change a parts .
there should not be take service tax and labor charges , they have to take any one .
the charge of parts and labor is more so far charge are not increasing 15 we have to tax .
they should less the rate of interest and also lees the tax .
after making bill they add vat also like we get massage of servicing 4000 rs but we have to pay 4500 rs .
labor charges should be reduce and also hile service tax they put which also should be reduce .
on parts the labor and service tax are included so that the pay are also high .
there are taking more tax .
the charge seoerate tax for every part that are used .
they should charge tax on overall total cost and tax should once .
they should charge tax on final anount .
it means they tax is applicable in bill also .
they put the discounted and customer not understand the rate and taxes .
tax needs to be reduce and spare parts charges also be reduced .
they should reduce the tax .
free servicing tax is high if we not take washing facility so they should take less charge because if we not take washing and also take washing both time they will take same rate .
they are taking tax vat charges  servicing is expensive over here compare to outside .
they should reduce it and not charge for vat .
charges tax are more so they should improve it .
they are charging more for tax on charges .
we are servicing from toyota itself but they should reduce the tax charges then only it will be comfortable for the normal people .
they take tax vat charges .
