they pick up the phone and then disconnect it .
they tell their schedule is busy , they say it will take some time we will call you but they never call back .
and when we call the service station then immediately they ask us to send the car .
i made them call but they did not pick the call so i made the call to the showroom and they provide me one number .
when customer call to service center for take appointment that time they are not giving proper appointment .
last time when i made a call for appointment not a single phone was connecting .
we made call on 3 4 number then we pick the number from google then took appointment .
some times we called that time they said as the space is not available there .
for appointment we have to call them 1 week to 2 weeks before .
whenever we call they give us appointment after 3 4 days .
they do not give response when we call them for service appointments .
there should be assigned 1 telephone or mobile for asking the appointment .
they should getting an appointment by call .
customer will go to any location and those whom you call by appointment their work should be done on priority .
when we call for the appointment they should give the appointment on same day .
a customer always wants to get benefits , if i get the service next day after called then it good for me .
when i make call to them they are busy
when i called at service center appointment my servicing the car , then they told me , now , we had not time , you are called us before time only , they should be given details to the customer about appointment time .
they should be calling us pickup and drops timing .
they called themselves for the appointment that your cars run this much kilometer do the servicing .
if we are appointment to the call , then they are not response to us .
they are transferring the call one another .
once i had got an call from surat .
they can call me remind it my next service .
i called to toll free number at lanson dealership so that time the told its not available in lanson dealership at pondicherry they told visit to chennai , but there is available at pondicherry that people are not aware about it .
appointments first day they should be calling to the customer , otherwise we taken away the car at service center , then we returning back our car .
another companies call if we take a appointment but they are not call us , they should be called once in month .
for appointment they on time like before 1 month before 1 week 1day or 1hour also they car , but they not give car on time after servicing then what is user call .
there are calling for appointment .
from honda we get calls so they should do follow up that your car servicing is there .
i had done job at solapur so it is convenient for me but for appointment we have to call pune .
they are not giving appointment immediately after phone call .
in pune doing like that they called us take the car give after servicing .
they should call back to the customer when they missed customer 's call
they should call their customer .
t have to call at banaras service center for car appointment .
because when i call banaras service center i have to call 3 4 times .
if i complaint why you are reserving my call then they replay that you are calling at the time of launch .
they should regularly call me for car servicing .
they should inform customer all information on phone .
so customer time will not waste phone through customer can register car number .
so phone sport is necessary .
when we call for appointment at that time mobile was switch off .
the service center opens at 10 00 am but i started calling at 9 30am and that time only the mobile was servictch off i got appointment tab 10 30 am and evening 3 00 pm also the mobile was scratch .
in service center if a lay calls that time the mobile was on after that it will be scratch off .
