they have to check the vehicle properly before giving to customer .
they should check before handovering the car customer .
he can check what are the issues and what should they do .
they should check first before handover the car to customer .
so advisor should check these things before giving it the customer .
they should clean the vehicle properly and should check the vehicle properly , they should put the papers on all 4 seats without reminding them .
they should check the vehicle before give it to the customer that the vehicle is properly cleaned or not .
because after servicing we never open and check the bonnet there but when we reach home and check the bonnet it is completely dirty , but now there is little improvement .
they should clean and check the vehicle properly before hand over to customer
their should be an random check .
should check once again after completion on the car work .
the people who does the work of checking and cleaning should do their work properly .
first they should check the vehicle it is clean or not then they should give car to customer .
after washing if we check , it has problems .
they are not clean the car in all side so they should properly clean the car delivery time they should check the vehicle it is clean or not .
they should concentrate on the cleaning of the vehicle and they should check the vehicle properly before give it to the customer .
they should check car properly before give it to the customer .
they should check the car first before delivery .
they should check the car properly before giving it to the customer .
00 pm so they should at that time we have to check dust and cleanliness again on our car .
if they had change only parts then they should check and should pay attention .
if we are giving for servicing then they should properly check before giving .
if we give any complaint , they have to rectify the problem and check the parts regarding that complaint
they should check about all the complaints like tire lights etc .
they should check all the brake systems properly clean the dust from the car and give .
after checking car completely , tell us what is lacking bay .
they cleaned properly the vehicle when we took there for routing check if we again give for the servicing that time some grease stains they not clean so they should be clean properly .
should check the washing and all .
in 60mins service procedure they do all things like cleaning the car , repairing or servicing the car but one thing is skipped that is delivery check process .
because in my second servicing i feel that delivery check procedure is not done .
they don t do proper cleaning they should check once returning car back to the customers .
they themselves should check where is the problem in car .
the advice should personally check the condition of the car the cleaning is done properly or not .
after servicing they should check the car they need to give attention for this improved it .
they should be check .
they should give car after proper checking and cleaning after servicing .
vehicle not clean properly on that condition they return back to the customers they are not check the car completely .
service centre person should take the authority to check the car before hand over the customer .
when customers are giving car for servicing they should check car properly .
there car 7 they also check the car
when we give our car for journal check up that time they should remove scratches and also tied the parts which are loose .
they should be more take care about journal check up .
they have to check all service is done or not .
they are done the checking completely .
in a car oil level and also air tier have or not they also not check it
they must finally check the car once before deliver and finishing time must be cleared .
allotment should be more improvement , at servicing time the executive should be there , and after servicing the car the executive should be checking the car also , they are properly cleaned or not .
after servicing the car they should check it again .
whenever visit the car they have to check the car with a proper manner properly wash the car .
and one person should be their to check the car washing as done properly or not .
they should clean the car from downside also senior should check the car whether it is clean properly or not then only give it to customers
if they servicing the car they should check the quality of the car .
after completion for service they must totally check once again .
they should check car properly at the time of servicing .
car technically should be check .
they cleaned car when customers told them or indicated them but the point is that why customer have to indicate service personnel , they have to check their own and clean car at service point .
after servicing they have to check the car i .
car is washed check the condition of the car after that car should be given to the customer .
they should increase the check point .
car should check properly when it is hangover .
car service provider should check the car remove it out because there cleanliness is good .
before deliver the car they should check properly .
we only take car and drive so they must properly check all these things
checking quality control .
somebody to checking all the conditions of the car before they sent back .
while they are servicing our car then they should be checked our cars nut bold .
if it alignment doing it then checking it pitching sound .
they have to check the vehicle before delivering to the customers .
before hand over the car their engineer should check the car completely .
they should clean properly body of car , after servicing they should check one more time the car to take right check drive because we note such thing in rainy season .
after car servicing they should check the car once again .
car should be completely check .
like battery also should be check .
on service center should be have one person who checked car servicing proper or not like .
checking needs to done properly .
actually the executive needs to check the car properly .
when they return our vehicle to us that time they should check weather vehicle is properly clean or not .
i could n't say anything about it you should checked out .
dust should be not there so they should check it .
they should appoint an assistant for this who will 100 check the cleaning of vehicle .
1 \) while delivering the car on it had stain and hand prints , it should be checked , should be concentrate on it .
they should check the car then only they should return the car to customer .
they should check that the car was properly cleaned or not .
which feedback call we get and told them which which place cleaning was required they cleaning those place they should checked when customers given a complaints .
after servicing , the car needs to be checked on cleaning .
cleaning , polish tier dashboard cleaned or not should be checked properly for 10 vehicles also .
car should be checked neatly
that should be looked proper seat has to be checked , the seat has to be checked and the door should have proper greece but they not done it .
after the return of vehicle they should ask to customers is there problem in vehicle , you can check .
after servicing they have to check the vehicle of the condition 2 .
once completing the service in car the dealership service man should take trial to check the car .
after completing servicing when they washed our car that time they should check and after that they should deliver to customer .
after washing there should be a checkup point they should check that vehicle is properly washed or not .
they should check the cleaning of the vehicle before give it to customer .
before hand over the car to customer they should check it properly .
after delivery when i check the car cleaning not done completely .
the technician should check the car for cleaning and then only return it to customer .
after the servicing the car condition and cleaning need to it checked properly .
they came and checked the problem .
oil and brake condition needs to check properly while delivery .
they should properly check car before hand over to the customers
after servicing and cleaning the car needs to be check thoroughly and the deliver the car to the customer .
when car came an outside after servicing then we checked a car than we told them it was not clean .
after servicing before giving car to customer they should check car properly that all the work done correctly or not .
