charges should be reasonable .
toyota customers are going for servicing at toyota  s service center hence they should charge reasonable prices .
the reason behind this is that the models of hyundai are more attractive than toyota .
charges should be reasonable .
charges are reasonable but they should give more relaxation .
servicing charges should be reduced and reasonable rate should be charged .
nowadays they are increased the servicing charges reasonable servicing charges should be providing to customer
then they explained as they have done some windows cleaning so i asked them do you have done rs 1500 work  charges should be reasonable and should reduce .
they should have to take the reasonable charges based on market .
your prices are reasonable but everyone wants that price should do little less .
the charges should be reasonable and they are not giving the explain why they are taking that much charges .
it should be reasonable .
reasonable charges should be provide to customer .
it should be reduced and reasonable .
service cost should be reasonable .
unnecessary charges should be stop reasonable charges should give to customer .
this they must see that the cost they are taking should be reasonable .
charges should be reasonable .
last service charges was not reasonable .
last service charges was not reasonable .
charges should be reasonable last time .
charges should be reasonable .
charges should be reasonable at this service we wish to have service station here in our city .
they need to keep a reasonable amount .
charges should be reasonable .
their billing amount is not reasonable .
they are not told us what is it , if they are taking charges and told us what is the reason about .
they should improve the charges like they should not take charges without reason .
the customer should be slightly reasonable .
there should be reasonable charge .
it should be reasonable
it should be reasonable rates should be reduce .
service charges are reasonable but if reduce then it will good .
it should be reasonable .
they servicing charges should be reasonable how much that i ca n't tell but it but it should be reasonable .
they have to take reasonable charges
they keep a reasonable service charge .
at first they told me 5600 charges will needed but after that they showing so many reasons and increase charges .
there should be reasonable price .
it should be reasonable .
but it should be reasonable .
charges should be reduced and also reasonable .
dsk solapur rate should be reasonable .
here the rate is too high it should be reasonable .
if they take reasonable and customers satisfied service then it would be better
they should charge the price very reasonable .
servicing charges was more it should be less , and while they are servicing they doing any work and no reason then also take minimum rs .
the charges should comes under budget and it may be reasonable also and there should be bargaining facility also available over there .
they should reduce their charges make their charges economical or reasonable for everyone .
work should be completed in reasonable rates .
in belgum dealership they are charges was reasonable but in this dealership charges is very high .
so they have to take reasonable charges
they should have reasonable price of accessorise .
1  they have to provide reasonable charges .
they have to take reasonable charges .
charges are concerned by company itself some time it was reasonable or sometime it was costly for the customers .
rate should be reasonable .
they should charge for the material they fix and mobile charges are costly in toyata it should be reasonable and mobile is 800 900 .
the service charge should be reasonable and comfortable to customer .
charges are high many people use toyota so charges should be reasonable they increase a rate yearly so customers could n't afford it .
service charges should be reasonable .
they should provide reasonable charge .
they servicing my car and done alignment balance without reason and take charges also from me .
charge should be reasonable charge should be reduce 10 so it will good for us .
it should be reasonable so we can think to buy new car .
