after resolving the customer query customer should be satisfied after trial on car .
they should do improvements on the explanations which they provide . like when i had given my car for servicing for the 1st time they told that oil needs to be changed , but again in the 2nd servicing they told oil needs to be changed . when asked that why is the oil to changed they did not tell anything . so they should provide explanations for the customer \? s queries .
they should improve on giving the explanations on the customer \? s queries .
we had asked some questions to them then they did not gave proper answers of that questions . it is like about the average , option so they did not answered in proper way . their answers should be satisfactory .
first one they should provide information about the customer \? s query . staff don \? t have information as well as they are not aware . if we are asking something to them then they are telling you can do coating , you can do paint for shining . the package is only rs 12000 you can take it . how to drive car , how to keep the car , where we have to give attention , about the engine , about the safety . where we have done servicing of car or toyota 's service only will have done at toyota . do not brought it any other service center . any number is available these are all basic things , company have to tell these to their customers . they are not telling these .
dealership do not give proper explanation to the customers . they do not tell or explain while giving the car for servicing nor while taking it back after servicing . they only say that the bill is ready so i myself ask them if there is any query . they only tell that everything is serviced instead of giving the explanation .
if we ask any questions from the dealership staff they do not answer properly . they do not give complete information about small parts of the car .
in current service center happen also in next service what happening . they should be told us they should be explaining properly about customer 's any queries .
while giving information the staff needs to be experienced . because if we ask any questions they say that let me concern with my sir . this should not be happen .
in my car a light has been broken and when i mention the same to staff they directly said me it might me from your end only the light broken . need not to speak like this instead they need to check the car completely and find how it has broken and convey the same with customer . even a service manager was not responded me properly when i went and about to buy the car . a person has willing to buy the car but the staff has not provided relevant answers for the query raised whereas they need to clearly make the customers understand .
