they should increase service staff at dealership .
once the servicing is completed the dealership staff should inform them accordingly but they do not inform us hence we don \?
they must increase the capacity and the manpower .
advisors are too busy that they did not attend customers properly
they should appoint good mechanic staff to handle the servicing car
staff is very less their which should increase .
they should include more staffs , so that the servicing can be done faster .
t improve infrastructure of vehicles and also not increase their staff and service stage .
if the staff is less than they should take appointment as per the available staff .
to avoid this , they should take less booking or increase the staff .
staff should be increase .
the worker should work fast .
should work little fast even they should increase the staff .
staff should be increase if staff would be not their then how will be improvement get done .
if we go to the service center then we do not get staff or parts of vehicle .
if their would be staff then time taken will be less .
so they should increase the manpower .
more advisors should be recruited .
also they should take care about their staff .
workers should be increase or they should take minimum appointments in a day .
sometime they take 12 16 hours or 2 days so they should increase staff for accidental services .
one staff should be their who can manage .
overall their should be an one staff so it can be will take less time .
because if he will keep on giving reminder to the staff then work can be done in time .
they should increase staff in management who can quickly take vehicles for service .
they will do work fast but maybe staff are less hence they are taken more time .
they should have fixed timing for service center and they should have service advisor who had handover the car on time to the customer .
lack of manpower and car puncher work is more .
one staff should handle atleast 10 vehicles so they can provide the vehicle in time .
they should increase the staff so that the servicing would be completed on time .
service should be done on time as one staff member is handling one car so they should increase the staff .
1st think is they complete service within a time permitted , it possible you have insufficient man power to do service within permitted time or behavior not good of your staff , anything they says , they will gives car once is done vehicle service when once come customer to received car .
they should be increased the staff and machines .
should increase the staff so the work will done fast .
the main person hand over the work to the mechanic or worker but it would be much better if he keeps a check on it so the work be done more timely .
they should increase the man power .
the man power should be properly trained
they should increase the workers .
should increase the advisor there .
they are having less advisors .
staff should quickly service the car because sometimes they are take lot time for servicing car so that should be reduced .
if they will increase the staff then there would be improvement in servicing .
staff should be told to the customer , how much time to taken to the car searching ,
the staff are very lazy .
they take more time for servicing because if some knowing person come of staff , then they attend them first after that they doing the servicing in our car .
they have to increase the staff .
staff should be more , is more car one there then it will take long time .
so staff should be maximum
mechanical worker should be increase .
staff should be care to the respected person
the staffs of dealership are so less .
there are so many new comer staffs , who are not working properly .
there car are so many but staffs are less .
if they will have good staffs then there will be no problem .
time to time work should be done from service center workers .
service staff is doing the servicing some ward late .
for car washing billing they should not take the time staff should be improved .
they should have a good staff also .
service should be fast also should be increased workers .
staff should be increase there have lots of rush .
time should be taken less staff should be increase .
so they take one week their staff should be learning about discipline how to talk .
hence increased the workers also work should be fast .
there is more problem for customer and staffs coordination .
they have to reduce the servicing time period , like they have to increase the workers .
they have to increase the staff
if staffs are careful towards time it will be good .
when customer complaint on servicing where staff does n't pay attention on it .
even service advisor staff also does n't pay attention on it .
staffs does n't work properly because of that we get time on servicing .
the staff does not work on time .
when we service the car for dealership staff took lot of time .
staff proving us detailed information so that time is too long for us instead of information they did work quickly .
the staff in service center is less .
many cars come for servicing and the staff is less therefore they take time .
the staffs in service center needs to be more .
the staff should be more .
the dealership takes 2 days for servicing hence they must increase the technician and staff .
work should be done on time and also staff should be increase .
because of staff is not available .
i have notice that the staffs are busy in gossiping and whenever their boss came at that time only they do the work and the rest of the time they are busy in gossiping .
the should do improvement in working hours of dealership and they should increase the staff .
some of peoples are come in very long so that time dealership staff should give the car on time otherwise we have to wait for long time .
if staff doing servicing and their lunch time suddenly started so they should give preference to the servicing .
s all working hours should be increased then total man power will be available they can improve they have to work night shift also because if night shift is there then vehicle was not available for servicing that much .
appointment should give when you have enough staff other wise called them after 2 3 days .
instead the servicing department staff are doing the car cleaning and giving the car back on time .
repairing department staff are lazy and never does their work on time .
then when my car was sent in the department , i told a staff member named ashish rane about my problem and he told me not to worry and he will do the necessary work in my car .
after the first free service the showroom staff does not pay attention as they check on first service .
they should increase the manpower in which the work can be completed fast .
their should be improvement in staff requirement .
at less time the work done should be more for that they should increase the manpower .
the should check the car before hand covering to the customers and after that the staff needs to start working suddenly .
staff should be increase .
staff should be very careful they did lots of mistakes .
10 12 times needs to make call to service center the staff over there need to be pay attention on it .
they should increase the staffs .
they should increase mechanic staff at service center .
they should increase staff .
they should increase staffs at buddha toyota .
staff is less they should increase the staff they are not sending car for servicing .
if staff are not available for denting painting .
staff are not cleaning the car properly .
the staff should quickly carry out the service .
if we go there , the staff over there works very slowly .
they are taking more time so they should increase staff .
lanson dealership should increase the staff for quick car service as fast then it will be good .
we have to go 300 km for service center at the time of 3rd servicing there staff told me that you have facility to take appointment .
work load is more over there they should increase workers so they can give time to all .
they should do these service fast on they should take limited appointment and staff should be increase .
service center should have dedicated staff .
staff should do servicing properly .
in dealership have no sufficiency staff that why work not done on time .
if one staff doing some work after some time he left a work and doing another work because staff are less that \?
so staff should be increase .
the staff was tell me that the person who pass your claim he will coming today then he said he will come on tomorrow in this almost 1 week has gone i was very angry with them they should improve there claim service .
