there was no enough chairs for customers in their sitting area .
for the customers like us , you should keep tv , comfortable chairs ac in waiting area .
keep good chairs .
they should increase the seating arrangement in waiting area .
there is chair should be sofa for sitting the arrange is according driver .
earlier there use to be sofa set but now there are steel chairs .
if customer waits for long time then he should feel comfortable hence sofa are required .
customer needs to sit on steel chairs .
there is separate rooms are available for owner and driver but sometimes they came and seat in owner room so they should take care of this .
they have put 2 3 sofas but if more number of customers come there then it becomes crowded
there are less chairs in the waiting area sitting so that should be increased .
there should cleanliness as well as should available chairs for seating .
there should be available proper seating arrangement , must be something to entertainment available like magazine .
by bring the matter coucher for seat .
waiting area seating should be increase and it should be more convenient .
they should have proper seating facilities in the waiting area also should have tv .
need to increase chairs of waiting area .
waiting area is not comfortable , because there is not proper sofa all that to seat .
the waiting time is more and waiting room 's sofa is not comfortable .
waiting area there should be more chairs .
there is only 2 3 iron chair .
there should be sofa or bed for customer to sit .
seating chair should be good quality .
in waiting area which the sofa 's are there they are very old they are very hard .
when there is too much crowd on that time we faces problem on seat .
so they should increase the seats or else are fine .
seat must be increased in waiting area .
chair should be good .
all chairs are broken .
in waiting area there should be tv , sofa air condition facility .
the seating arrangement should be good in the waiting area , it is no well maintained .
the chair should be comfortable in waiting area .
in wafting area lanson dealership is not clean , the chair is not kept clean , and the sitting arrange med is not proper they should keep wafting area neat and clean .
rush is there so you should increase the seating arrangement .
they should add couple of sofas .
they should provide special chair , entertainment ac for customers .
the chair over there is in lokhand where it is not comfortable .
the chair should be changed
there should be good seating arrangement and cleanliness should be maintained .
they can provide better quality of sofa and chairs .
less number of sofa was available in dealership staff was not giving proper response .
for sitting they were keep iron chair instead of this they should keep sofa so we feel relax .
but not worked properly as there is not proper seat for driver and owner .
and the other thing the seat they have designed is not at all comfortable .
seat should be properly designed and they should put curtains our there .
in madhuban toyota waiting area seats are uncomfortable so seat should be contort able and also waiting area size are small .
sitting problem is there in millennium toyota so they have to need some sofa or some chairs or seats arrangement .
now i feel like the chain is not comfortable and feel like station chair so we require sofa chair for sitting this not fair .
they should arrange chair properly then it will be good .
