they have to improve the washing centers .
while returning the car after washing it should be good in terms of cleanliness .
need to improve washing process .
stain of the water remain on the vehicle after washing .
car wash services are not good .
previously i received call from service center about the feedback i had given same feedback regarding he wash services but still it not improved .
they had washed my car but ant was as it is it was not cleared .
once i had done car wash from outside dealer they had everything properly .
when they use machines to wash , side and front of car are not cleaned properly .
after that they wash the car .
the car is not washed properly after a wash also it is seemed to be oily .
washing cleaning of vehicle should be more proper .
car washing service is not good .
they washed my car improperly .
the cleanliness and condition of the vehicle when it is returned i really don t like as it was not been washed properly as on the vehicle some patches or dots every time remain and i have told many times and when i told them clean the vehicles properly they told it will be extra charged for cleaning properly as my son cleans the vehicle better than them
there is no other thing except they should wash or clean properly without any complaint .
car washing service is not good .
they did not washed my car properly .
hey charge 1500 rupees for washing but still washing is not proper .
chemical , shampoo liquid which they use for washing that is easily available in market .
they should do washing in interior part also like boot space or window mirrors .
in my last service my experience of washing was little bad so supervisor should be focused on cleaning of vehicles .
they don t give proper washing to our cars .
they just wash it for once or twice but by rule they should wash it until it is not clean but they charge for extra washing , which is a problem for every owner .
when we re paying so much , then why we should pay extra for washing .
last time when i went there for servicing they said that they would wash my car but the car was not washed properly .
the water washing of the vehicle is not good .
after washing the car staff should be proper checking the cleanliness of vehicle because sometimes car mud is not clean .
they do not clean tires mudguard properly as they only pour water on it so they should clean it by using brush .
stains appear on the car , it must be cleaned properly after sprinkling water .
after car wash they do polishing due to which car did not clean and it made it unclean .
while returning the car after washing it should be good in terms of cleanliness .
they return our vehicle with wet from inside and outside water is dripping .
interior cleaning washing should be done properly .
when work gets over of car should clean , wash properly , polilsh properly but they are making quality bad .
the worker for washing car should be increase .
car washing services should be improved
they said that car been washed out properly .
they should wash the car more cleanly .
sometimes they are not washing the car so staff should proper concentration to washing the car .
if they are clean the quarter that quality was good and they are clean in water spray but water spray is not cleaning the car properly so if they are cleaning the car properly cars looking was good .
supervisor should be check the vehicle it was proper washing cleaning or not then they should give car to customer staff should be more cooperative with customer
should wash car properly , dust should not remain inside .
they should focus on washing of vehicle .
washing service should be improve .
they done washing servicing half only .
car body wash should be clean properly and expert staff should be washing the car .
the washing and all inside and outside basically it was not clean .
washing service should be improved .
glass did not clean after wash the car .
water servicing should be improved .
car washing services should be improved .
they wash the car even then dust is available on the car as we are also into business we also have experienced so it does not look good if we ask them to clean again .
we are noticing it but in washing area they should improve in the same .
in car washing they should use shampoo and properly clean the car .
after washing the car , they are park in outside so they should park to car in side delivery time staff should clean the car then give to customer .
little little water drops get remain on the vehicle should clean properly .
they washed just few area that also they not washed properly .
the washing which they do with shampoo should they do the stain should not remain .
last time also we said them and then they washed it .
they should be clean interior during washing .
vehicle is full of dust after wash .
after washing their should be and improvement in pricing .
after washing the car they use 2 labor for wiping the car so due to this the car is not cleaned properly .
car should be washed if it enters service center .
they have to wash the vehicle properly before delivering it .
when we are asked regarding the washing they are saying that we had received the same order from the higher authority .
cleanliness service should be improved because they are washing the car but after they not clean the car .
cleanliness service should be improved water washing service should be providing to customer
they are washing the car but some of parts they are not clean so they should properly clean the car also clean the glass .
they should wash the body of the car more properly .
they should wash properly vehicle and give us .
after washing the vehicle they have to wipe the vehicle before delivering it .
they do washing but inside like blower of a c and upper side of mirror .
so their should be an one person that who can look after cleanliness and washing of car then only they should deliver the car to customer .
while cleaning the car they should clean it completely like body wash , interior work act should be done properly .
water service should be arranged in two different sections as one should be the opening part other should be closing part .
when there are more cars they do not properly do the car washing as they do it in hurry .
when i did my servicing i didn t want my car to be washed on that particular day , because i was getting late .
so i wanted it to be washed after 3 4 days when i ve time with me .
they refused me to give a due wash slip , next time because they didn t have that facility with them .
so they offered me a discount of rs 200 if they don t have to perform the wash .
normally the charge of wash is rs 500 .
they even told me that if i don t wash my car at that time then they would give me rs 200 immediately .
i told them that i don t want the rs 200 rather i would come after 3 4 days or after a week with a due slip for the wash .
so that i can be able to wash it some other day , because at that time my car didn t needed any washing .
water wash service should be improved .
washing of cars needs to improve more like it should be cleaner .
they should wash the vehicle properly and should work as per customer needs .
water wash is not done properly .
sometimes they are washing but car was not properly clean .
they should be clean and wash vehicle properly .
they washing the car after servicing .
they should clean wash the vehicle properly .
they are just washing with normal water as the car is new .
when customer said my car is washing like bonnet and engine is there .
when we asked them to put a water in bonnet then they do not put the water in that and there is garbage in tires also .
so they are not putting water there also .
they should wash the car properly and should do proper work .
they should wash the vehicle properly .
washing staff should be well trained about cleanliness maintaining of car .
washing of the car should be cleaner .
car washing services should be improved .
washing department should do work properly .
their washing services are not good .
after washing if we check , it has problems .
they should improve on the water services done for cleaning the vehicles .
washing service should be improved because sometimes they are not clean in ground position of vehicle .
washing of vehicle should be proper .
they should appoint skilled labor for washing .
after cleaning also , they put many spots of water same on vehicle .
faced difficultied 2 times they do n't do clear wash .
they are not clean the car properly sometimes they are wash in upper side so that should be improved properly clean the car .
their staff should be informed that if any vehicle comes for washing they should wash that car properly .
engine was dusty so they said we cannot wash engine .
there was delay in washing .
they should improve in the water services given by them .
we asked them for wash but there was a spiders web in my car dickey and they did not clean it .
previously i have ford car their washing service are good .
but toyota people just hitting water not washing clearly .
they should wash it inside as well as from outside like new car .
they don t do anything in servicing they just wash our car and return us car .
they should do proper cleaning and washing of vehicle .
they should proper wash the car and they were doing the work on car which customer told them .
they have to improve the cleanliness like water washing and interior parts 2 \) if they do the correct water washing we are cover that washing for one month
water wash service is not much good .
the water remains in some parts like battery etc .
having some problem with car washing .
they are taking long time for car washing .
they does not clean and wash properly .
for water wash there is only 1 person so it is not done properly so instead if there would be 4 people then maybe they can do it properly .
they should take more care in washing , because there is no equipment s available with the technician the man power is also less .
washing is need to improve .
washing is need to improve .
even after washing body of car remains same .
after washing they don t clean the car properly , they don t polish the car comparing from outside the charges are high in the toyota kirloskar because of which the customers also face problem we think it is better to give car servicing in outside instead of showroom .
last time i told them about cleanliness , they told it s a complimentary service so cleaning facility is not there , so they are washing but quality was not good .
interior washing is not good .
washing process of the car was not proper so it should be improved .
should do improvement on the water wash of the car .
i am not satisfied with the service of the water wash of done by them .
they should do a to z cleaning while doing water wash .
washing rates are too high that should be reduced .
they should clean the vehicle inside properly minor washing should be quickly .
supervisor should be properly monitoring the washing service .
i have only problem for washing only .
i send again my car for washing .
there are some disqualified people so in all showrooms we receive same service from washing because washing is not ok .
they should appoint some advisors who can check car after washing and then they deliver car to customers .
they should wash the car properly and should also clean the wheel properly .
they should take care while washing cleaning .
they should properly wash the car that s it .
they are take charge for washing service but they are not properly clean the car so that service should be improved .
water wash should be clean dirt should not be displayed
it should be great if they should take care while cleaning washing .
cleaning and all like should be done after washing actually it is not happening exactly .
we are not getting cleaning as we want after washing .
they are not doing proper washing for glass so they should done it properly .
should check the washing and all .
washing service should be improved .
they do not wash or polish the car , bumper , dashboard properly properly .
the car water service .
i mean that the water wash service is free of cost hence i think that they are not servicing this water service properly other than that the service are good only .
thus need improvement on water wash services .
water servicing section should be improved under body part of vehicle should also be properly cleaned
so they didn t wash the car cleanly .
in washing area they should do improvement in lift area otherwise rest everything is good .
car water service should be improved
they should do proper washing of the car
gate is not washed properly .
washing is not done properly .
they should open the bonnet and wash it
after doing car service they done water servicing also so theory should done this at the time of car servicing .
they were not properly cleaned the vehicle under water bodies .
in service center not properly wash the car , we need to told where it is washed .
they should be washed downside of the car also .
while they are cleaning the car they are not dried water , the cleaning department should be active , and one day they are washed 20 to 30 cars , that 's why , they are not properly drying the water .
one person should be washed less cars , then he should cleaned properly .
customer should wash the car properly give it to us .
cleanliness as water wash service was not done properly .
they should a to z water wash , interior work and glass work properly
car should wash with water .
my car servicing after outside interior not cleaning properly and washing also not proper .
the condition and cleanliness of vehicle when you received after servicing , car washing need to be improve .
we are unable to wash our car , for money they are doing very well but we are also paid 500 for car washing .
some parts like washing , painting or portion their is some dust on that .
they are only washing the car but not cleaning dust on it .
there is not washing service available in nearest toyota service center for washing the car we are going extra 30 to 40km far which was not so convenient .
it should be washed cleanly and properly they are not properly cleaning my car , hence i am not happy .
i know we not doing paid wash but if they clean properly not only water but also wet cloths .
the condition and cleanliness the washing is so bad , their washing was not properly done .
during my last servicing they were not properly wash my car .
there soil and water were after washing car still in the car .
they should a to z water wash and glass work properly
vacuum facilities and clearing and washing is not good means out of 100 only 90 we car give the mark .
eg some dots on the glass , some dust particle inside the vehicle , washing is not upto the mark as it is not fully washed .
i given the amount for dry cleaning 1500 but they not dry clean properly they not wash the car also .
they have to open a new service center for washing purpose .
washing not properly done .
they should wash it properly .
till we not tell them to wash properly they just say yes yes but they washed the car as they to wash .
they are not doing the water washing properly .
they do n't wash the vehicle properly , cleaning is ok .
but water washing is not ok .
they clean the interior which is good but the interior part they do n't clean it as dust is found after washing means patches of dust and also they should not park the vehicle very close after the servicing so that the person who open the door they will not take car of the other car standing beside
if we will giving water servicing the car , then they our car as it is only .
cleaning and washing should be done more perfectly like interior cleaning of the car and polishing should done more .
they are not properly wash the car , water remaining on the car glass .
there should be washing the car properly
after servicing our car it should be washing and cleaning properly .
and also should be change the washing machine .
there washing facility are all good , but their staffs are not doing properly work .
every parts of the car must be washed .
they are not washing our cars , we told the manager they also not response to us .
there should be clean and wash our cars .
after washing our car it is wiped properly .
they people are not washing the car properly they should wash the car properly .
it should be cleaned and washed properly .
they are not washing the time after visiting the service center .
they are not cleaning or water washing service interiorly and superiorly
many they not done the washing bill alignment machine was damage any time this machine was not in working condition washing machine also damage they should told us what are have in washing they had to clean sheet or roof it should be take care what happening close monetary engineer should be have monetary to understand about business point of view their flow or not .
while cleaning the vehicle they should be take care give more attention also recheck before handover to customer rhere is no any water in car or any oil orgrees in car etc .
whenever visit the car they have to check the car with a proper manner properly wash the car .
3500 that is very costly they are not washing the car properly .
every time they were not properly washing the car after servicing the car every time there was need to be told them telling the done it properly but every customer was told them to make the proper washing they should be give attention while washing the car there should be no any need of customer remind the service advisor to washing car properly .
cleanliness should be proper which stain has to the water it should be clean
washing cleanliness should be do properly .
car washing should be do properly .
they told they wash car but when it saw is not like that they wash car properly
they should improve water service and other service .
company not allows washing the engine of vehicle .
if they don t wash engine then they should clean car properly but they are not cleaning car properly .
washing boys his supervise is there they should need goo training .
good staff should be their for washing the car .
and one person should be their to check the car washing as done properly or not .
water was also not done properly .
they have to do clean wash on door , glass under seats they have to clean a z water wash .
they are not clean wash car properly .
there should be improvement for car washing .
washing has to be done .
it is such a big company that there is a single area for washing and giving one to two increasing .
then the washing will be good and the time will be saved too .
washing has to be heaved weight .
sometimes water wash is not good .
washing cleaning need to be done nicely after the servicing of car .
they should wash car properly .
they only wash with water .
they should be improved in washing .
they use only water .
when washing our car they should do properly cleaning also from inside of the car , they should pay attention while cleaning the car .
at the time of servicing the car is not washed properly it should be improved .
when we visit service center for servicing the car they wash from downside then they start servicing after servicing they wash the car from upper side .
so they should wash from downside inside also .
they should not properly do by water service also it is very dirty service .
they not washing the car properly they should take more time wash the car properly they wash car very fast finished there wore they should clean properly .
the executive should be attention the staff he wash the cars .
washing area should be develop , there should be plants .
it should be done littlie bit slowly because upper side of mirror remain water makes
machine service is good but they are not did water service .
in body engine they are not did properly on water service .
they should be wash the car properly .
1 \) they went to pick the car at 5pm but they did the water service at 11am .
they are not doing water service properly .
after the water wash they need to apply grease then all required parts .
they are not doing water service but they are cleaning the car by small clothes .
at my last servicing for washing they had not done it proper .
water servicing should be clean it should be better .
they are not clean car from downside like rainy time tayers and downside there is full of dust so they should wash properly .
there not clean car internally they should clean car properly like washing with water from downside is necessary
they should wash car properly .
cleaning washing they do n't do it properly .
after servicing they were not properly clean the interior part of vehicle not properly wash the vehicle .
they should give proper attention while cleaning washing of the car .
car washing should be done properly .
they should wash polish car properly .
after washing the car it comes for polishing cleanliness all of things there have only one person .
they only put water .
water makes should not show on car .
car washing is not proper .
water service was not good must also change the techniques of cleaning .
if they are pay for your service they must be proper clean the car wash the properly of all the parts of car .
they follow new technology like they should auto wash the car .
they should increase washing staff .
washing area department should be improved because in washing it should not take time .
car is washed check the condition of the car after that car should be given to the customer .
they should clean wash car properly .
they had not wash car properly they should do water cleaning properly .
after washing , they have to clean the vehicle properly .
they are not doing cleaning and washing properly .
when we buy car how it look same should be there they should look after the cleaning process they should clean only by water and cloth we pay 500 rs for that if they give such servicing then it 's better we do it in home .
water wash is not done properly and only body wash is done .
inside part of interior , exterior and running board should be properly washed .
they are not doing water washing properly
they should train staff like how to use machinery how to wash car .
they wash my car but it not cleaned .
their workers are not properly clean and wash our cars .
water washing in not good .
interior washing should be developed .
after washing glass it 's remaining same in glass has stain .
after washing while sating remains there they should be clean .
they should be improvement in washing of car they are not washing car properly from downside .
they should wash properly .
car should be clean easily also not doing washing properly .
and also they should not properly the water servicing .
they done servicing properly but in washing has some problem like they do n't put air cleanliness done less .
car washing should be done properly .
washing is not good .
i told to the manager , supervisor that do the cleaning fast put the water send the car .
we give the car to wash them that we can also do at home .
from inside outside put the water properly should clean the car .
they are not washing cleaning properly .
they put water on car they see the second , third car .
after servicing the car they should be properly wash clean the car in inside outside of the car .
washing should be improvement .
they should do cleaning washing properly .
while cleaning the car , after washing they not clean the stain , its remains like that only also not clean it .
after washing i had complete them .
they should clean the glass after wash with water .
while water servicing they must clean the interior and outer parts of the body properly
water service was not properly done .
they have to improve cleanliness washing after servicing .
the supervisor should be up to date , like before giving the car back he should properly cleaned washed or not .
while servicing they mot done the proper water service .
washing should be improvement .
water servicing and polish should be properly .
service should be more improved water servicing should be properly cleaning it is no problem to they are taken additional amount , but they are giving generally service so , it should be improved which they additional amount they taken there is no problem , but good service should be given .
they are washing our car , but not cleaning it properly .
while they are washing our car then they should be used clean water avoid used it dirty water .
they have to improve the water washing
after washing they should clean while using cloth they use chemicals after that spot was occur in the glass .
all equipment 's are available over there but staffs not there have knowledge how to use it they are not trained properly the should training to them they should trained how to talk with customer and how to wash the car they should have fear of senior and junior .
car washing should be proper .
they did not done water washing properly .
they have to improve water washing and interior cleaning .
they have to improve the water washing
they have to clean properly interior parts of vehicle they have to do water washing properly
washing should be done properly
should be properly cleaning and washing our car .
quality of cleaning and washing should be improvement .
they do proper work for water service
water service they should clean proper the many in the car .
workers are not understand how it is cleaning and washing .
washing and cleaning our car is very important for servicing .
my last servicing time they not properly wash and clean my car .
which have washing servicing .
after washing should be had no dust in car cleanliness should be completely .
while servicing they are not properly washed our car , inside the car and seats under parts are not cleaning properly , while washing , also they are damaged some parts , they taken till 10 minutes to wash our car , dust and dirt remaining our car .
three times i given my car for servicing , but , they are not properly wash my car till three services .
they are not washing the car properly .
they should wash the car properly carefully .
i have taken 20000km premium interior wash and 20000 servicing .
i expect that my car will washed .
the dirt should not remain even after washing .
they have to improve the water servicing and cleanliness .
we are paying charges so cleaning washing should be done properly .
after servicing my car they are not properly washed it , they are given to at private service centre , at private centre workers are not serviced , they are only sprayed it .
i will complain many times about problems of washing , but they are not response for me .
hence washing should be improvement .
i visit the service centre for water service they did not service properly at bottom engine .
they must do water was for all the parts .
they are washing the vehicle at the time of delivering the vehicle , instead of that they have to clean the vehicle before delivering .
car needs to be washed properly .
washing is very bad .
wash the car properly so that customer does not have to complaint about it .
after servicing our car they are not properly washed our car , inside and outside .
many times i complained about washing the car .
hence washing should be proper .
they should wash car properly .
not properly servicing my car also my car engine not properly washed .
dealership should intimate to staffs to wash the car properly .
only they clean with water but they do not clean with cloth when they do polishing charges should be low .
water service is not good .
every time they not done the washing properly .
water stair was remained in glass and also polishing was not accurate .
so i had to gone their again then also they not washed properly .
they washing the car well on top of the car , but beneath the car near by tyre side they are not cleaning properly .
they have not washed my car properly .
if they washed it properly and concentrate on washing then it would be good .
they have to do water washing and cleanness properly 3 .
while servicing our car they are not properly washed our car , washing is very important for servicing , hence , good workers should be appointed specially for washing our car .
before delivery the car needs to be washed properly .
so that they are not washing car from contract or they should increase the rate of contract .
at the time of washing the car they should provide one supervisor .
i don t like their way of washing the car .
after the work they have told me that they washed my car with the vacuum cleaner but i have seen that they did not use vacuum cleaner they use blowing wind .
after servicing they should be properly washed our car .
the dust remains the same after washing the car , so it needs to be cleaned properly .
1 \) if you are washing the car then it should be shine .
it should feel like it is wash .
they are doing water wash service but the interior parts are not cleaned properly .
lanson dealership have to improve their water wash service main interior and other parts needs to be clean properly .
comparing to mahindra company toyota company water wash is not good .
800 900 for washing so they should washed according in it .
they should be washing the car properly .
after servicing the car the supervisor should check the car washed properly or not , and even customer to get the facility once again to check is own car , if the customer satisfied then he take as per his decision .
service center dealership is good but the washing is not good .
water service need to be more improved it will good for us .
they are not doing water service properly its like they are taking cloth wash it .
before they do water wash properly .
but now they do with the help of spray , so instead of using spray should be clean with water only .
after servicing our car then they are not washed properly we are given other charges for washing , if they are not properly washed our car then dust remains it and comes it insects .
the car washing things they do n't available there .
washing department needs to be improved .
in servicing the clean what they do may be compared to home wash also .
washing should be improvement .
this people don t do washing of car properly .
they used only water for cleaning , hence it should be improvement
they are not properly water servicing our car .
they used only two bottles of water for cleaning , so dirt remain at gaps of the car .
hence they should properly washed our car .
washing is not done properly .
so , they used only water and after that leave it like that only .
washing is not proper in toyota service center .
i mentioned that engine wash from outside was not properly .
as comparing maruti with toyota , maruti washing is good .
so , engine should be washed properly .
staff not have knowledge how to wash the car
they should improve in cleanliness service because they are not washing the car properly so they should clean the car properly .
they should do the washing properly .
while comparing to oil engine servicing the water wash services is not good and clean .
interior water washing is not good
they should do the washing properly .
washing service was not good .
they are not washing properly inside outside of the car so they should properly wash the car .
they should wash the vehicle properly service center should open till late evening .
they have to do the water washing properly .
water service is not available in the amana toyota vengalam dealership .
water service should be available at dealership .
so they should come and clean wash at that type .
but they serviced my car and did not washed the same .
car cleaning was not at all proper after washing the car .
i have the only issue in washing of car .
whenever i give my car for washing i face issue in washing .
they don t wash car properly from inside as well as outside .
car was returned in same condition in condition which i have given before washing .
i have to go for washing 2 3 times .
toyota company should improve 100 in the washing of vehicle .
people at toyota who are in charge for washing they don t check vehicle that car is clean of not after washing .
car should be shine after wash and parts of the car also should shine after wash which don t shine at all .
they should improve in condition of car cleanliness of service because they are not completely washing the car when open the door that time we see that they are not clean the car after washing they are not check the car .
they should more improve in washing service staffs are not clean the car properly .
after completing servicing when they washed our car that time they should check and after that they should deliver to customer .
if they want to take money like 15 , 00 1600 like for washing should wash properly .
cleanliness is not like that booming and washing is enough .
while servicing they did not wash the car properly .
water washing they are do good but inside of car they are not cleaning properly small small parts also they are not clean .
they should neatly wash the front back side of car .
if their hands become oily and then without washing the hands they directly touch the car body .
at salem all the service is good as they have enough staffs and their interior cleaning and water wash , by seeing the car after service we feel that the car is totally new .
for water washing the dealer person said that there is no a person in not available so will do the same in next day previous it was good presently they are washing interior parts only not at external parts .
car washing should be done properly .
every time i complaint about car washing .
washing should be improved and they should clean the car properly .
there are stain of washing powder and water droplets on car and they should clean it properly .
washing need to be cared .
after servicing washing of headlight was not proper .
they are not doing the water washing properly after servicing
washing of vehicle is not proper .
after washing the cleanliness is not proper .
the water is falling down from the car .
they should improve in washing servicing otherwise everything is good .
at last servicing the washing work is not proper
they are doing the water washing at sunrise , due to less parking area .
if even , we take paid service we have to pay 1000 just for washing with only water .
they need to improve only on washing .
they don t even ask after washing when we go to take car after wash we found water stains on car .
so there is no meaning of washing car and going far 70 km from home .
after washing there should be a checkup point they should check that vehicle is properly washed or not .
they should improve in washing services so it will be good for us .
at lanson dealership water wash is not good .
engine , interior wash , under seat , glass etc .
water wash is not done properly that need to be resolved .
the main correction should do in washing .
if they are washing the vehicle then its their responsibility that they should wash vehicle properly .
customer should not get a chance they here is not washed properly like polish here and their .
water service is not done properly hence , need to do the water service properly .
when we go to receives our car after service they don t wash car properly .
they just give car by washing it with cloth .
they are taking more time for water washing .
they have to provide water washing centers .
the water stains very left on my car and the washing center staff should do their work properly .
at lanson dealership does water washing on exterior part and do not do cleaning in interior part and the dust remains .
the washing should be perfect .
in cleanliness washing cleaning was not proper .
we have to visit 2 time for washing .
they should wash the car from inside base part .
water service need to do properly .
we cannot able to do water washing of car hence we give it to dealership hence the dealership need to wash the car properly .
they should improve the quality of the work and should use cream in washing so that car can shine
while washing car they do not wash on bottom part .
last time due to water problem they did not clean my car properly .
they should store sufficient water for cleaning and they should clean vehicle properly .
we have to stand on their head to complete the washing properly .
they just say we will wash your vehicle complete but this is happened from last 2 service with me , they said they will wash car completely but when i went to take car near 4 5 pm they say polish of car is pending .
1 \) they have to change the washing staff 2 \) they have to increase the service advisors .
they not done a car washing prospered way another which service they provide , which is very good .
i saw water stain in my car , and inside a car also dust or water stain remained so they should clear a car properly and also inside a car they should work properly .
we are giving the more amount for water washing , but they have to do proper cleanliness of water washing to the car
there workers are not properly washed car .
while they are washing car then , we are showed dust , after they are washed it properly .
hence washing should be improve
car condition and water wash in anaamalai dealership should be improved because after the water wash of the car , the stain remains the same in the glass .
in galas there is dot dot even after water cans with the clean water they should wash the window glass of the car .
they have to do the proper water washing and cleaning of the vehicle
they have to do the proper water washing and cleaning of the vehicle
water service must be improved .
dust is remains same , after clean the water still dust not clean .
after washing our car it had remains at dots of water .
they should do washing properly .
not properly washed my car also left side window not washed , so , washing should be improvement
they should wash car properly .
washing should be doing properly .
1 \) the cleanliness and water washing is not good , due to more vehicles , so they have to increase the service centers .
full water wash should be provided while servicing the car .
the washing is not proper every time , all times there were washing problem .
the washing should be clean and it should not be said by us again and again .
while washing the car , if there is things inside they should keep it inside and handover to customer .
there service was good , but , cleaning and washing are not proper , hence it should be improved .
after servicing my car they do not properly clean and wash my car
washing are also not proper .
the washing needs to be done properly and in a standard from .
the service wo n't take much time as compared to washing time .
they have to do the proper water washing and cleaning of the vehicle
actually there is a water problem so they not clean it properly .
which have there washing staff and after washing which staff have for cleanliness they should them .
washing staff should concentrate on them work .
there is only one staff in washing area the pressure is fully on that one guy he is also an under staff only .
they did not wash car properly stain remain same on the car .
they staff should wash the car properly .
washing should be doing properly .
there have water service facility so there should be have water service facility .
the washing is not done properly .
i also has mahindra car their washing system is good .
the service center of mahindra washing system is proper they clean from front and back clean is good in mahindra service center .
the rudra toyota spray gun is from both the side they clean and mahindra washing system is proper .
is the customer happy or the service center if they bring their car for servicing if customer comes for servicing they provide tea water facility with that it is not fine .
i went to service center two times but also two times they do not solved my car tires problem and they do not properly washing and painting my car .
in lanson nandanam dealership the water wash is not proper like the stains used to remain the same .
from a z clear water wash should be provided to customer .
after servicing our car they do not properly cleaning washing the car , hence it should be improve .
the noida place were located there the water tds are high .
when they use for cleaning with this water the car is scratched .
so i complaint to the manger so he called the staff to wash my car properly .
should be provide them more time for washing then they wash a car properly .
when car go for washing , so there have only 2 3 worker for washing and also thee have lots of car , so they have to service all car and washing also .
for this they take lots of time , so i washed my car an outside .
they take lots of time and also they not washed a car properly because there have no time so much , so it should be improve and also worker should be increase , because of this they can improve their service .
there are again not washing the car from inside only washing from outside .
washing needs to be done properly .
washing needs to improved .
washing needs to be good the advisor who takes the car for servicing .
it took 2 hours to come out the cleaning is not proper in washing .
washing needs to be done properly .
they should wash properly .
avoid use of chemical , because after servicing my car it was good looking , but after two to three weeks cars body color fully damaged and there was a dots on the glass , so they should avoid use the body washing loshans while washing the car .
water service cleaning should be done properly .
after servicing car condition and cleanings the don t do proper wash we used to say them about the cleaning .
they should wash proper and then deliver the car .
they not wash are properly but clean it .
washing and washing team is not good .
car should be wash properly car servicing should be doing properly .
during my last car serving i was drop my vehicle in service centre at 8 30 am for servicing and i was pick my vehicle after servicing at 7 00 pm during this long time period they did not wash properly my then i called service staff told and showed him how they wash my vehicle then the clean it during servicing the vehicle they need to struck supervision by their technician or saviors .
they should clean and wash the car properly they should systematically clean the car .
at the time of water servicing they should clean car down parts properly .
i told them to wash only and put in side then also they putted wax oil was spread in every place like on seat and door etc .
condition of car and cleanliness also should be improve they not doing washing properly .
they throw a water on car after that left like that so nobody go there before it it .
when they wash the car glass should be clean properly there are water marks on the glass .
they have to deliver the vehicle with proper water washing and cleanliness
