Location of the dealer is far from the city. If we do servicing from other service center it costs around 400 to 500 rs but in Toyota service center it costs around 1600 rs for the same. Service charges are more which need to be reduced. So they should do improvement on this. It lakes around 45 to 60 minutes to reach Lanson Toyota & again that much time for coming back so it is very difficult to reach there. They should have a service center in between Kolam city.
Location of the dealership is convenient as it is far from city. This is near to selum to Mallur city. It would be convenient if the Lanson dealership is near to Mallur bus stop. There is no arrangement for lunch or even there is no restaurant nearby. We need to travel 4 Km to reach any hotels.
Lanson dealership should be near Kanchipuram station.  If it is near the station, there will be more customers. We need to cross Velur road & need to travel 7 km.
There is less space for parking the car in Lanson Koyambedu. After bringing the car for servicing they say that there is no space for parking the car & they tell us to park the car in Lanson Toyota Nandanam ES which is in Kollour village. Instead they should make arrangement for space for parking.
Lanson dealership is located in outer area. After dropping it is very difficult to return back. If the service center located in highways then will be good.
Lanson dealership was inner side. If it is in nearby highway then it will be good.
From our place to dealership it takes 90 km to reach over there it takes 2 hours. On the way Lanson dealership was there but we didn?t get much satisfaction. So 1 hour or within 40 km if the dealership is available it will be good. From Vadalur there is no bus stop is available. Only the bus coming from Chennai will come through the place some bus driver will stop some will not stop in the place. Some time we use to go Kumbakonam from there we have to take a auto. So for this take full 1 full day to get a service.
Lanson dealership is located in outer so if it is in a main city it will be good.
I come from Chidambaram to do service at Lanson Pondicherry. After 75 KM of travelling I have to come here. Hence it would be good if they locate a dealership at Cuddalore
It is nearby 2.5 Km for me the Lanson dealership but there is one more dealership at Kadalur where small equipments also we used to go Kadalur dealership all the equipments  facilities needs to provided in Lanson dealership also then it will be fine.
Lanson Thiruvannamalai dealership spare are narrow. The area should be vast and all the facilities need to be available.
