Service station is too far it should be nearby us so it will be good. Dealership location is out of Surat city.
Nanavati Surat is near to us but workshop is not in our places even having many Toyota owner in our town. They give pick up and drop service but location should be here in our area.
Location should be in Varachha they don?t have service or go down at Varachha area. Surat is big city but there is only 1-2 service station which is 35-40 kilometer and we have to travel in traffic and it takes while day for service. Service station should be on Jakat Naka area.
Location of dealership should be improved.  I have showroom near to my place but there is no repairing center so they should focus on this. In my area there is many people have Toyota car and sales is also high of Toyota in my location. Service station need in our area with showroom. We have many working Toyota cars in our area. Both service stations in Surat are near to each other and our area is 15-17 kilometers far from my area.
I stays at Nava sari & I have to visit Rathod Vapi, Nanavati or Surat for servicing. If you have service center in Nanavati then it will be good for me because Rathod Vapi is 90km far away, Nanavati & Surat 45km far away from my home.
Surat city service centre is very far there should be one service centre at highway side
Surat Nanavati location is far away. Distance is more. Inside in city there should be one service center.
Dealership location should be improved. One more service center should be nearby Surat Varchha.
Nanavati ajeera Surat dealership was far away. We had to go 25 km far. Varasa which have in Surat their only have Toyota dealership. So, their should also have service center. It good for us and also we or village people get profit in it. In Varasa service center had lots of crowd Nanavati dealership had 10-15 km far away. So nearby from it 4-5 km should be also having service center, so it will good. Which we done a servicing an outside and in service center also had lots of difference between it. Someone lived far so they done a servicing an outside which servicing was not so good. Nanavati Toyota also provides good service then also they should open service center.
Location is far from the village. They should open another service centre as this is very much far from village. When going to Hazira from Surat we have to cross whole Surat city that is very far from city almost 120 kilometre so for servicing of 20000 kilometre I have to travel long and they don?t have any other service centre.
If service center will be increase, then it will be better. In Surat one service station is in Adajan & another one is in Hajira. Actually we get good response from them. They should open one more dealership in city area. I don?t have much headache for that but if anyone wants to buy a car then they face problem in servicing I think because of this reason people don?t buy cars that they have to go Hajira for service. More 2-3 service station need to open.  We are satisfied with the services at Hajira. Innova is successful car but for service we have to travel more for this company should give us more options. Centre should be increase. If they will open dealership at Mandoli or Kamrej road or Barboli area otherwise Varachaa then will be good. At varachha they have showroom so they should open dealership servicing with that. It will help nearby people a lot.
