Location is outside of road. It should be in Bigone road or if it would be in Nagpur road that will be better.
In the whole Vidharbh there is only one dealership available including 12 district. Hence if someone purchased car from another district they are facing problem for the car servicing.  For these should arrange one proper camp or should start the new service center in other district. We staying at Gondiya and Nagpur is around 150 km from Gondiya. For the servicing we have to go Nagpur it will take complete day for up-down. Just increase the service center.
Dealership location should be 20 to 25 km. Which the dealership location is there in Amravati there they not done work properly. They should be give training to the staff. That's why we want to go Nagpur for servicing car.
Grace Nagpur service center is 5 kilo far away from village. If we visit there we don?t have any vehicle to go to village. They should give pick up drop facility to us. They should open service center were traffic start. If it is in village then also it Ok.
We didn't found normal showroom at Chandrapur area in Maharashtra. My family suggest me to take car from Toyota. They should pay attention on market location visibility & they should improve it. They should do advertisement or hording that showroom is where or it is going to open. other brands they make tower at the petrol pump. so they should also install tower. Nagpur have tower but from the outside of Nagpur like 10 km. we can faced problems.
Grass Nagpur service center was far. So it's should be near that time it's has 15 to 20km far to us. But it should be 5 to 10km near to us.
In Nagpur it is in central: there are four sides like Vardha road, Kamti road, Khuhadi road, there are 4 corners in that 2 corners have location and 2 corners should have location.
Out of Nagpur it is almost 40km there should be a service center in Nagpur.
Location is out of city. It should be inside the Nagpur city.
There is traffic on Nagpur rd. this are so may showroom at MIDC Hingane if you open showroom servicing center over this so it well good for business & customer also.
They should improve the dealership location. It means service center should be nearby, like it should be at the center of Nagpur or bus stand.
Location is outside from Nagpur city. It should be nearby like civil lines showroom at Nagpur it is convinient. But if we want to visit service center then we have to spend full day. They should change the location & open new nearby Nagpur.
