Dealership staffs ,customer service & responses are good. It should be more developed. In Annanagar area dealership branch located at long distance that why it took very much time to reach there.
Location is far in Pathanamthitta nearby they start one dealership. I purchased a car from Thiravalla. Location should have in Panthalam another then a door.
The service center is quite far from my resident. So it would be better if I have the service center near to my resident at Brahrampur area.
Dealership location should be available within 30 km. It should be nearby Shirdi or Shrirampur of Rahta.
To cross the main city is very difficult for us. If the people staying at Koyampattur north side will be very easy. If the people staying at other side will be more difficult. The center needs to be available at the same place where all can come. If the people sating at same place and the swale ship is not done properly. The Dealership should open at center place of city.
Location should be like this when customer brings car to service center. He reached safely to the center. The Azamgarh area is not proper for the driver to drive the car. The car used to be very rushed for parking. The service center should be there in place where the car can be removed easily. It should be simple for packing the car in service center.
The location of the Service Center is very far away from our place. They should open more Service Centers near Tamluk & Haldia.
In Kanchirapally should be have one dealership, so it will batter. If it will have nearby to it is also convenient for us.
The location of the dealership, if should be change then it would be better as  the  distance of the dealership is so far from my resident. If it will be located in between the Sundar Gour and Raurkela  that would be better.
They are opening Toyota office in my office building only it will be very convenient for me. So Rajpal distance was far. It is very far so it took more time but now your company is opening the office beside of my office only so I will go there only.  The center point would be Khandwa road.
Branches are less in Sriparampattur , it would be good if they increase the branches.
If the location is near Barista it would be better.
Increase the Dealership branches in Thirupattur to Vaniyambadi
It should be near to Mahapa district side
Increase the dealership branches in Avadi areas  that very useful for customer.
I would feel satisfied if we get the location in Malegaon district. Servicing center must be available in Malegaon
There are less locations in Revdegaon so have to face problems. Connected location is needed on highway connected to Solapur village. Now it is in Hadapsar, instead it should be in between of Srigonda, Tapasvi and Taluka then it would be good for us otherwise they must give pick up and drop facility. That will be better
It should be near Malda, Raigunj, North & South Dinajpur.
Location is somewhat in the interior. It is not on the main road. It?s completely in inner side from Hadapsar. If we think of leaving the car, then returning becomes a problem. Service center should be at the place where there are rickshaws or buses. So that at least we can leave the car there and then we do not get troubled while coming back.  Even if it is Hadapsar it is ok but at least location should be on the on road side. Even if it is inside then it is problem to find out also.
The service center is very far to the Khammam ,so they have to provide the service center at Suryapet  and Kodadha area.
Dealership is far away. It should have nearby to city. It should be have nearby to Mirut city, like when I drop my car in servicing center for servicing that time I have to wait there. So, it should have nearby.
Location is too outside of Nagpur. It should be on Amravati road then it would be good and it should be on the distance of 7-8 kms.
They have opened a branch in Nagarkovil but they only park the vehicles over there. There is big place from Kanyakumari to Nagarkoveli for the vehicle to go. So they should on this part by arranging workshop there.
Service center should be somewhere around 10 km from Perambattur near tambram.
If the location is at Thane Ghodbunder then it is good. It should be there at connecting the central and western line then it will be good. The space is less in Thane Waggle. The traffic is too much
Service center should in the central point of Gangawa road and college road.
Uttam Toyota show is far away. 1 showroom should available near of  Sadra or karkadoma.
The present dealer point  is in Sambalpur. If a dealer point can be opened between Noapara and Kalahandi than it will be very good.
Dealership location is very far. This should be somewhere near Kanjipuram bus stop
If the service center will be located on Maniktala it would be better.  As Maruti Suzuki has many service center with in short distance, if Toyota will also has then it would be better.
I am staying in Mardhgao & the Toyota service center is located in Vairna. This location for me not so far only bit far for me. Toyota has some dealerships in certain locations like Vairna & other places. I don't think they are in position to put any service center in Mardhgao. Unless they out source it to somebody else. If they are able to out source it to somebody else like how Maruti brand do? then it will ok. They will have to do that because now they sold so many Toyota cars. it will take time so many cars come to one service center for servicing. If I am also come & tell them I want my car back in the evening that time they are unable to give my car back in evening at same day. from that point of view they will out source it they have something closer to Mardhgao then the workload on main service center will be less.
Service center should be open in Ropar or Anandpur.
If they should open one dealership at Gummidipoondi then it will be good for us.
Location of service is  little far away . I live in town place or Tamiya . Service center should be available in chindwara but it is far away from chindwara bypass  8-9 km far away .From our area parasia is about ot 30 km. It would be fine if service center would be in middle of Chindawara and Tamiya like in parasiya .
One service center should be near by Tumkur road. Because the Peeniya Service center was very far from me .
Location should be available in Gomatinagar so it will be only 4 KM for us. And now it is 28 -29 KM for us.
In alapuz should have one dealership another then showroom for servicing we have to go Ernakulum it is far away to us o didn?t like to go so far away That why if dealership have in alapuz , so it will good for us.
Service center of Toyota was in Chidawa should have in Nimkathana.
Dealership location is too long. Need to open new Service dealership in PATNA place. To reach the current dealership we have to take time of 3 to 4 hours before to reach there.
Location is so far away from my location. It should be available in Sikandar so customer time will be save. It is available in 20km from my location and its seem take much time for travelling.
In Karkala city most of Toyota car is available, so Toyota should open dealership in this city and most of Toyota car was sold in this city. In Karkala Other company dealership showroom are there like Mahindra, Honda & Maruti showroom, so If Toyota showroom is open in Karkala it is very help for the customer.
Service center location is little  away because of that its take time to go and come. We can drop the car over there, location is far away from Gwalior.  Service center is located in main road of highway. I am staying in center of city it should be 5km away from city it would be benefits for all. Service center should be in Jhansi Road earlier it was their.
Dealership should be in city because we have to go through highway. Dealership is on main highway, so instead of that it should be locate at Anand highway so it will be little easy to customers.
Service center is located away from this place at around 100 KM. If it remains near us then it would be beneficial. It would be beneficial if 50 KMS away. The parts are also not available. They tell us to bring from Varanasi which is 200 KM away. It is just a dealership and not service center. There are service centers at Renukot and Antara. It would be good if we have some here.
Service center is in Haldwani , there is no service station in Local Rudrapur Uttarakhand. It should be in our Rudrapur. It should be on the highway. It should be in the market
Dealership location is very long so they should be open dealership in nearby surrounding Tumbthakatte Naganiroad so it is very help for the customer
If location of service center would be in Nanded it will be better. We have to go to Latoor. In Nanded anywhere it will be ok.
It would convenient for us if dealership located in Buldhana because we leavening properly in Buldhana. Although there is no problem if dealership located 50 KM.
Location should near by Sangrur city.
Dealership location is way by traffic area. They should location Sajanpur highway nearby RTO office.
Last location was actually in Vorli and it was easy exercisable. Because of its new we have to keep on asking and go. Service center is good but it is backside of road so their should be an banner that we can see here is service center. For that they should do add.
We have to go by long road at location. Location should be on main road like if we leave our car for servicing, they provide us another car but we have to cross the sewer so dealership should be attached to main road. Walking road should be attached to dealership location. Dealership should be in Meerut on the same place but it should be connected to main road.
Should available in city because its 20km away . Yet the service center is in Dhanabad which is away 20km which should near in city.
From Kodampakkam distance till Kumbhakonam is about 15 km but the distance between Kumbhakonam is 40 km. So it will be good if the location for the service center would be somewhere near it.
The service center should be in Bokhara city.
The location of the dealership should be near Sulur area.
They should improve on the location part. They had told that service center will come to Ramnade city but still it has not come. It is 100 km from Rameshwaram & 30 km. So it would be good if it is some where around 30 km from Ramnathpuram.
Dealership location should be there in nearest Karkal city
The car which sales from Toyota mostly, Deharadun people takes mostly. Showroom is located from Dehradun to monopoly. We have to go very far. More and more time car take in to Rishikesh. Dehradun is our capital  but dealership should change. They should be 2 dealership like in 2 in Rishikesh and 2 in Dehradun. Dealership is far away from Hardaloo it should be near. One more dealership should be opened in Deharadun or Rishikesh.
It should somewhere close to the city. It is only one in Grand Dehradun. They should be few more. On Sharapur-Rajpur road, near S zone there should be a service center. It cannot be on any other place.
Dealership location is too long so they should open new dealership in Majestic area.
They should open a service center in ROPAR District also.
Distance from Karaikudi to the dealership is far so it is not possible to take the vehicle for servicing after every 5000 km. due to this we take it after 10,000 km. So it would be convenient for us if the location is in Karaikudi.
I stay in Vashind & servicing I need to go the Wagle estate. They should have service center in Mhape area. It will be ok even it is in Nerul area.
The location of the dealer point should be improved. The place where I stay is too far away from my place, approx.285 kms. If a dealer point can be opened between Nagao and Tejpur then it would be convenient.
Service center is far away from the place where we stay. It should be in city.  I reside in Anshavad so the location should be available in Kankarwar and bori road.
Location should be in middle of city. Should be inside of Deharadun capital. It is outside of of city that?s why have little problem.
Location of the dealership need an improvement as it should be inside the Sellum city as now it is 20 km away from the city.
Location should be nearby like at civil line area or at Aram bug road.
1) They have to provide the Dealership location in industrial area, Presently L k (Leela Krishna) Visakhapatnam dealership is located  in city out scouts
They should open new showroom at Masrur, Makhmallabad & ATO. Because of express highway bridge this showroom come under the bridge. Gangapur road is at 5 minute distance this road is good for the customer of Pimpalgaon, Ozargaon, Yevale. They should open work shop at Makhmallabad it will be good for the customer. Traffic is less over here. So they should give priority to this area. Maruti have small service station over there. If you open showroom over here then customer will get good service.
location is at offside, if it is in central side then it would be better. It should be at Bhopal central side.
The dealership location is located in distance of 30 KM. It would be good if they open dealership in Adoor place
Location of the dealership is too far. That is in the outer city instead it should be in the town. It should be somewhere in Metapallam road, near saibaaba colony.
Recently I am staying in north Gujrat at place Banaskata district but for servicing I have to go to Mehsana district so it will be good if location of dealership will be at Banaskata Palanpur.
Dealership should be open in Bagalkote city because most of Innova car is available in this city.
Dealership service center should be open in Gadag city it is very help for the customer.
dealership location is far away. They should have workshop in Khar, Parle & in santacruz.
need to open service center in Patana Village.
Location should be in front of Nishandine and from the location drop facility should be available.
It should be in victon express highway because currently it is in Linkingroad. During the time of we go their and come we get lot of traffic. It should be available near by Tata showroom.
It is far away for us. It would be better if it will at Vardha road. It should be available within 5 to 10 km.
Dealership location is little far it should be near to us. If it will be in Varacha then it will be better for us.
They should improve on the location as it should be in Mogappair city.
It is very far for us. It is outside city. They should be in Nausara area and should be within 4-5 kms
Location & timing need to be proper. There is many vehicles in Morabi still there is no dealership of Toyota in Morabi.
Only one location is there in my city. So I have to go around 30 km. It should be in Pala and within 20 Kms.
Location should be in Mallapuram or in Manjiri.  The dealership is having 8-9 km far away from Malapuram. Mallapuram is a big district.
Location is far. If it is at Mahu road, then it would be good. If we go in current location place our other work does not happen.
It takes 1.5 hours in traffic to reach the dealership so if it is somewhere in the outer area in Sengalpatta then it would be convenient.
They should be nearest to us. It should be in Addapal and Motipuram and it should be within 5 to 10 kms
Recently I am staying in Surendra Nagar Vapi. Infinium dealership is located one is in Ahmadabad and another one is in Rajkot so out of this 2 wherever we want to go it took half and hour or one hour to reach dealership.
First thing is we have to search location. In traffic hours we have to go out of area so location should be locating in Morbi or Palighar area.
My car was damaged so I took it to the Harsha Thiruvallur satellite dealership but after looking at the car they asked me to take it to Vellapanchavati . They should have all the services done as it is done in Vellapanchavati. This should be improved. They should give all the services from painting and all.
Need to open the Toyota dealership at Manjeri place that would be much better to its customers.
The dealership location available at Ratlam area so it should be available at Mansoor area.
Dealership locations is too far thus the dealership should locate in city area currently the dealership is located in Tirur place.
The dealer location is far away from my area it is 14 km away. So it should be available at Podigaru Vatapattamam road it is half km nearby my home.
They have 2 dealerships but regarding Naroda is not proper and clear in location.
Dealership location should be have near by to Varkkala, so it will good in Trivandram & Kollam have dealership location now but it was far away almost 30-40 km to Varkkala toyota dealership location should be have every place like Maruti, so it will good for us.
Dealership location is too long in my area so they should be open in Graphic road Marthalli city .
They have to open a branch at Kasaragoda city.  Because of lots of Toyota productions in our place they should open a dealership Kasaragod shambhosh nagar, charkala in between national highway.
Dealership location should be located in Allapi & near by the town Alanaputtam.
The service center should be available in town area. It is 15 - 16 km far away from the town. Dealership location should be in Rampur or Kukkur city.
Dealership is far from my house it would be better if come in Thodibuia near municipality area.
It would be better if the location would be available nearby my home. Last time they told me they would be nearby my home. It should be available at Koturekara or at Punnarlu
Location should be available in Kottarakkara within the 10km. Now its available in 30km.
There location is very far from our area. One service center should be available in Katappana in municipal area .There is no  dealership in Irriki district area.
We are just asking to change the location; it is not in town it is in rural area in Kananad
Dealership located in 3 places that is Raypur, Bilaspur & Bhilai if one place is working right now that is bilaspur. We have to travel a lot to go to service station. I don?t know why they have closed dealerships.  This is city but from last 1 year there are no dealership and we were not getting service.
They should be open dealership in Attavalli Hosur area.
The service center is far from my home it is Madurai. So the Toyota service center should be available at Karamandal city
In chirur the showroom is available. They should also open the showroom in Pondani location
In Kozhilcode koduvalli have many car of Toyota, so that's why there should have dealership I thought that.
Location is far from our place, if we give our car for serving than we have to leave our car there and come we can?t bring the car with us. If pickup & drop facility will be available then it would be good. In Pottai district NIPPON service center should be available.
Location is ok but not for me, my home is 25km far from the location so I face difficult to go. Location should be available in Vadkanjery district Trichur
Location was very far and village is Khola due to this facing lots of problem. We have to drive 15 -20 KM.  It should be in 2-3 KM area of your dealership.  It is 20-25 km far away. It should be available around 2-3 KM Aare under the dealership.
It will shifted to accessible area. It would actually every one get easily. Near in the city or Near to high way is good. If its situated to Mawoo road it?s a heart of city to it will be good.
Location is very far like 20km far away. If I want to do servicing of my car. I have to take leave. If service center is on daily road like 10km far away then it will be good. They are going to open one service center at Azartganj but opened yet.
Dealership location should be near to my Khetpur village.
There is only 2services center in Lucknow's rush is more. Their should be one more service center  because both of them in service center in different corner. So their should be at least one services center at Sitapur Road.
Service Centre is very far is my city. If It is in Hebbala metro circle it will be very helpful for me.
Dealership location should be near by Kunnamkulam.If Gurueayoor Temple will be nearby it will be fine.
One service center should be open at Batala
They have better place near by town area. I form my home to this place far away 11 kilometer.so exact location should be have 5 kilometer range for my house i.e. near by Alavakkode for Chandranagar
Belgaum Service center is very far from me. Hence one more service center should be opened at Chikkudi
Work shop should be open near Ponto Sahib city.
The exact location should be near my house MC road near to Adichira ,actually there  lots of showroom like renolt,wolkswagon & Hundai-Honda everyone had there ,soits actually easy me that place
Dealership location should be in middle, It should be at Gaurav pimple, In Liva city there are only 2-4 centres,It should be in 5 K.m. If it should be near then everyone can do there work fast.
If Dealership location is at Kakkannad then it will be good of us.
Dealership is located 15 Km far away. Have to change 2 bus to reach dealership. If the dealership will locate in Thirumangai will be benefit for us.
The location of the dealership is too bad. After dropped the car in which way the customer can come back.  So for this, they should keep a special car. Otherwise if the location will change and it will be locate in Sundargarde area then it will be better.
The location of the dealership is quite inside.  If it will be located in the outside then it will be better.  If the location will be at Banpur then it will be better.
Dealership location: I Lived at Srirampur which is too far from Topsel EM Bypass dealership. It would be good if Toyota open a dealership in Howrah &Srirampur. I purchased the car from Topsel Toyota so that I took the servicing from there.
I am staying at dealership location sector 47'' Dealership location very far from me.If dealership location is at ''Sona Road it will be very good for me.
Location of the dealership should be improved. At Vadakkara dealership should be made available.
Near by Delhi, Haryana are service centre should be open.Service centre is very far from our residence.
Dealership location was long for us. It should behave in city because dealership has 20 km far to the city. Dealership should be has in nearby Bhavan talkies in Kamlanagar area.
delearship location should be Anagul area
Dealership service center is very far from me, hence , one more Dealership opened at Chitradurga it will be very help for me. I will not necessary for going to far Dealership
I am in Tuticorin & dealership in Tirunelveli. There is no proper transportation facility to reach my home. So if we have dealership in tuticorin it will be better.
At Jalandhar Nakodar has be open one service center it is good for us
The servicing center  should be at White Field
if service center avail at Jharsuguda at bypass then it will be better as present service center located far away 100KM from town,.
Annamalai dealership was very far away, So if its nearby Kanchipuram it will be good.
Dealership location service center is far away. Nanavati main showroom is at Varaccha but not service center. We have to go 30 to 35 km far away for servicing. There is no showroom near to Varaccha so better you start a showroom at Varaccha.
it present dealership location is far away it should be with in Panikoili area which is more better for all customers.
I live in Dindugul but the dealership is located in Madurai. It take around 1 hour to reach dealership. There is showroom in Dindugul there must a least one service center.
We stayed at Bhimavaram. So we have to visit Rajahmundry dealership it is 100 KM from bhimvaram. They are providing the service at Rajahmundry in every Saturday only. if we informed about the spare parts in this week. They will provide it in the next week. they have to provide the dealership service center at bhimavaramu for customers satisfaction
Service center must be there at Parbhani. We have to visit to Nanded, Aurangabad, Latur because there is no service center at Parbhani. Service center should be at Bhasmat road or dinkar road.
Highland Shilong situated at outside city. Highland Shilong should situated at inside of city between 20km of our house.
The dealership in Pattukottai, can be in Tanjour it will be better because we have to travel 2 hours
Service center is very far from me, One more service center should be opened at Ooty road or Airport road, then it wiill near at city , also good for me.
Dealership location is far from Bathinja City.
Dealership must located in Thanjavur it is located at Kumbakonam area.
There should be one dealership location at Pavas area in Mahakali palace.
In Kurukshetra also there should be service center.
Dealership should be at Shankermate Road.
Servicing center is located opposite side. We are facing problem for visiting purpose. It is located far for city. Service center must be located at Ramghat road & Talanagar.
Location should be Nashik road. It should be 5 to 7 km.
One little workshop should be at Phypumu kanpur Road
Service center is 150 km for away. It should be at Jalana or here there is Toyota showroom so service center should here only.
There are many pot holes on the way of service center road conditions not so good the road from Kharadi or road via Hadapasar towards service center is also not so proper.
Dealership location should be in Faridkot district.
Harsha dealership location is far. I used to travel 15 Km to reach the service center. If the service center is at Guiney then it will be helpful.
It's away from 100 km so if it is nearby Dharmapuri then it will be good
They should open one side dealership at Yavat because we have to go 40km far away to visit dealership.
We are in Nagarcoil but dealership is in Tirunelveli, so every time we have to travel near about 80 Km, so if have dealership at Nagarcoil then it will be too good. They told us that they already bought land at Nagarcooil, so it was good news too.
Service center is 15km far away. There should be one branch in between from Gangnagar or Pogal road.
Location should be far Sultan Pur we are going to dealership at 150km at Sultan pur
One service center should be open at Rudrapur area.
There should be open one service center at Gurgaon with showroom.
Dealership location is very far from me i.e.40 Km. it should be at nearby Kalappalam it should be better.
Their current location is so far from my area. They are opening their another service center is near to my area may be within one month they will open their service center. If they are open their another service center Telitparamba this location is 20 km far from kannur and this location is convenient for the customers.
If they open their small service center in Tilichaerry for general check up of car, washing of car etc.
They should change the location of service center and should available at Angamally area, so it would be fine with us
Location was little bit out to the city. If it should be have nearby it's good for us. There automobile sector which have in Gwalior but them which service center has, which is little more out of the city. Which occurs last for us it should be nearby. So, it's good for us.
Which dealership location is there it should be in Dahisar naka than it will be very good
Dealership location is at Trangala kkuda. It is very dangerous road most of that road accident happens. Before of trees we can't see vehicles. They shaut cut it.
In Goa North side only Toyota dealership are available. They should open their dealership in south zone also like in Madgaon. Because Madgaon is beach area & tourist sport also. It will more convenient to Toyota customers if they opened their dealership & service center in Madgaon.
If dealership location at Trivandrum (Heart of the city) then good for us.
If dealership location is at Kanooz city then good for us.
Dealership location should be nearby at Irutto
There is harsh dealership located at Palliate they are not provide the proper service & facilities. So we have to visit palliate to Poonamalle in harsh dealership. They must provide the proper service & facility for palliate then it is better for us.
The location is 60km from at Ernakulum dealership & it should be at Alappuzha dealership then it will be good.
We live in Burshanpur and service center has in Indore we have to cross city then go so far so Khandawara is near by to us, so service center should be have in Khandawara if its open in Indore then its should be have in Khandawara road Khandawara and Burhanpur both are district so, there should be have one Toyota service center.
When I am went at Dealership from Bandra then there were more rush, so, my car get scratches. Suppose it is at BKC main road it will be good for us
Service center should be at least at main location or It is at Pimpri  and Chinchwad. Now, the service center is very far from us.
The dealerships location is at Mundarkkaya and Ermelo udaiyar hence it should at 20Km distance, it will be good for us.
Dealership location is far away. So there should be one service center open at Aknoor road.
We live in Dindigul have to travel 70Km to reach dealership. There is showroom in Dindigul but no service center. They provide mobile service here but that time we are busy so it is good if service center in Dindigul
If dealership location is at Thalippurampil then it will be good for us.
Grass Akola service center have out of the city it should behave in city. This service center is in Ashok Vatika so it should be in Bazapur Naka chowk.
In Theni district most people are using Toyota Innova and Innova Crust. So there must one service center here in Theni district
Panaji is one capital. Both service center which has 20-20 km range to me. If in panaji also open service center, so it will be easy to us in panaji has normal booking office. In panaji have lots to Toyota car but has no service center. If they open the open the service center, it's will easy for us. They should open the service center 2 km to the panaji other then we have to go 20km north in & 20km in south. In city have no service center it is problem to us.
Dealership location is far away. There is no facility to return back to home after drop the car to service centre & if they drop the car then also they take charges. I think that there should be one dealership at Barashi road other company also dealership over there. travelling facility is good over there you can also go for movie. Lot of facilities are there.
In our place till 80 km has no showroom. For 100 to 125 km take 25 litre diesel. For going servicing we have to spend such expenses. Previously there was dealership camp that comes for servicing at servicing Sangamner or other district. There should be camp in every month at Shrirampur and Sangamner.
I live in Tirupathur but dealership is located in Vellore. It takes a day for servicing so there must be service centre in Tirupatur. They say have to service within this much km but finishing all my work get crossed then actual Km
If the service centre is situated in Bhubheneshwar area then it would be good.
Location is very far from the city. The servicing centre should be in Chakkara Road or in Patel Nagar.
It would be good if Toyota open a dealership in Hojai because I lived there and I have to visit to Nagaon Branch for servicing.
It should on Nasik Road. Additional service station should be there. It should be there in 2 km to 3 km.
The dealership opened is in Thirupur it is good because we stay at Coimbatore. We need to trainee 5 to 10 km for the dealership location.
Location is far I stay at Gorakhpur where Hyundai, Tata, Maruthi showroom is on Bengal but Toyota is not over there. Most of the showroom are in east but Toyota showroom is on west for that I used to travel 20km the location should be nearly and if it is then the customers increase.
If they have dealership at Aathur then it will be good. Vilupurum dealership also quit away from our residence & there service also not good. If they give proper service, then we can give at vilupuram only.
They should open the pankage in different areas of Orissa .They are doing campaign then also all service is not done there. Only oil changing is done there
Service center also should be open in ropar Punjab city
They should do changes as per district Chowdhury Jalgaon is far away. But Raver is nearby to us it means we have to visit Jalgaon for small work the Raver is better option because of that our diesel, petrol & time will saved.
Dealership location should be near. It should be near Bhivadi Dhavada of Rajasthan city.
If there is a service center and sub-station in Hoogly then it will be good.
The location was 18 km far away for us. If it should has in Durg city so it will be good.
Dealership location if it is in Trichendur it will be good because many of are using Toyota car
Location is too far. Their should be pick-up and drop facility available to customer. I stay near airport but location service center is in Dhagya chowk. This is too far. The location should be 8-10 km nearly.
The dealership should near by Palam Pur Kangra.
First their service center had in Warli but not it was changed now it was had in ray road. Because of this we faced lots of problem it was not convenient location for us. Because we have to waste full day for a car servicing. We had to have taxi for of there it had in outside of a city them service center should be have in city because many people stay in south side which used them car.
We have to travel near about 150 KM to reach a service center in Nagpur. So there should a service center in Bardi or near to Bardi and it will we very useful to all.
Dealership location is 25 km far away. It should be at Great Noida.
The people from the service centre come only twice a week for servicing in Bardoli and that too they only check oil-water. It?d be better if they come 4 times a week because dealership location is 60kms  away and sums up to 120kms for the entire journey.
Dealership is little far from our place. Nanavati Toyota should open dealership at Patia textile market area or at Vadodara city side because current location is too far.
There are lot of vehicle of Toyota in Faizabad dealership location that we have to arrive at Lucknow. The arrange a camp but all the facility are not available. In Faizabad their should be an one more service center.
If the dealership will be located in Sreerampur then it will be good for the local people
From my house to dealership, I have to travel till 20 KM and if they locate it in outer area of Singanallur then it would be really feasible for us.
Dealership location should be on road of Chandigarh and Patiala.
Toyotas maximum customers are from city area. If the service center will be located in Basistha or Chariali then it would be good. If Toyotas location is also like Fords and Audis location then it will be good. Presently the service center of Toyota was in the End of Bypass because of this city people have to face problem.
Dealership location should be available between Kottayam and Ernakulum place and one dealership should be available at Cherthala area
Dealership location located very far away. It?s obvious that if we want to open a Dealership then it will be costing more. Since it will be good if they can locate a dealership in Srivilliputhur to Rajapalayam.
The service centre location was too much inside. According to me location should be near Kagadi road side or Vagali main road or it should be at airport nagar.
Service center little far away. It should be in Neral .
I reside in Thoothukudi and to service the car I had travel till Tirunelveli. Hence, we need dealership in Thoothukudi as well.
They have to provide dealership location at Gajuwaka 104 area.
Service center should be in Balabhgarh
We think that we are living in Vasna Road and your dealership location is in Makar pure which is little far from here so if dealership comes little close then it will be good for us. They should locate dealership in some nearby area.
The dealership location is situated in highway, They should open 1 more dealership in Virar East. Other company dealer ship is available there only Toyota dealership is not there.
The location of the service center is very far. The car consumes Rs.2000 diesel for the entire journey. Then there are additional charges for driver too. If Toyota opens a service center in Raigad Alibaug it would be really convenient for the nearby Toyota customers. The Toyota service center should be situated 50kms within Alibaug. Alibaug is a big city and Toyota should think about opening a service center here.
Dealership location is out side of our town.  Private cabs like Ola and Uber are there.  They are delight because it the showroom comes on highway and  Dhanbad is in which place its in town there is no showroom available. Other companies showroom is available in side of the town.  But this far way from highway.  We are facing some problem in that for traveling.  If they are able to open their 2nd unit inside the town so it will helpful for other people also. In town any middle location will do it should be maximum 4-5 KM  or 10 KM that is also fine but it was far way.
The showroom is in the interior and becomes very difficult to travel there as it is out of the city. The other shops of Wasan is in Govandi and Vashi and it is odd for us to travel till there. They should put up a work station for Panvel station or Panvel bus stop.
The dealership is too long and far away for me. No dealership is available at Tambaram hence, need to locate a new dealership there.
Rajendra Toyota location was too far. We leave the car there itself for servicing. There is no facility for going and returning. It has more problems because it is far from city. Allahabad was 125km far from my house and 15 km far from Allahabad. If they open near shorav service center it is 20-25km nearby. Whenever we are leaving our car in Rajendra service center there is no facility for transport.   It should be there for betterment because of that I was frustrated if we are leaving our car in showroom then we needs to go with our car. This is the problem in rajendra Toyota
They have to provide the dealership location at Jubilihills Abids
Dealership location should be improved. Dealership location should be at Vasant kunj or Vasant vihar.
