service center should provide comfortable time for servicing from there end .
after arranging the appointment they should quickly service the car and also delivery of car should fast .
if we have any problem we can register there , so that we can get expert advice plus .
we should know after how much kilometer of car driven should we do the servicing of the car so that accordingly we can take an appointment .
they must keep customer care person to take appointments and you must also increase the dealership .
they should have consult with the owner about the servicing time .
toyota car is best in the market even the customer of toyota is much .
its renold company all the people thinks they will give quick response , they will talk good and treat in good manner .
the procedure of appointment should be improved .
so this should not be done as they should give attention to the appointment vehicles first .
they do not work like the way they earlier used to do .
when can go to another dealer also apart from uttam toyota .
if customer has entered the service center after taking an appointment , then his car should be handled at the earliest and must give the solution .
there is a need to improve in cleaning department .
your seniors must think about this .
they have to fallow the note pad for taking the appointment from the customer
t have parking space so we park our vehicle on road because of this we cannot leave our vehicle park on road .
they are not servicing the after acutely problems but asking the different query
so they should arrange the other place .
like if we want appointment on sunday so we did not get it .
they should not attend f to known customers first .
should be checked completely if it is perfect or no .
i reached there by 11 am after that they gave me car in the evening .
they tell us to give 5 , 4 pointy means dealer himself is doing a mistake .
outside customers should be given service before the local customers .
and then in such a crowd they will give the car only after washing .
they gave me 1 pm timing and i reached on correct time but they took the car for servicing at 4 pm .
i used car for one year only , but within this year also ac was not work properly , so they should work on it as soon as possible .
they should be satisfied customers properly
amana toyota opened the new service centre .
but the full facilities are not yet available .
fullest service including water get service is not yet available .
but in appointment the service center is there it is like of sbi .
if we will get appointment like this it will be better .
kindly look into this matter
when we are giving appointment they are not responding for us and not taking care , it should be improved .
they are not taking appointment if any customers caris suddenly break doen so break down service also they are not arrangimg immidiate appointment .
they have to make an parellel appointment .
then they come at home take your car with then .
but other companies did n't follow such thing .
they take your car for servicing any time whenever you take your car at service station .
speed of the service
other than annamalai service centre no need any appointment for service but here every small thing also we have to take appointment .
so there should be same improvement .
dealership people should be aware all this things .
month .
easy to servicing appointment job card appointment taken 10 to 15 minutes after it opened .
that is why service advisor should be more .
after going there they should be provide appointment facility .
at the time of purchasing car they give me conation i faced problem in that they have one branch nearby fishayalal ormanji .
they should increase drive staff or they cancel completely drop facility .
another dealership this service start in morning .
so they should be also start in morning .
we have to take appointment to visit dealership so they should stop this system .
we have to take appointment from pune .
and if we have any urgency we can tell them .
at pune we do n't know anybody so we face problem .
spare parts are not available
we should get service in 1 2 weeks only .
it means as early as possible .
so they should start the appointment system from solapur only .
and appointment manages from there only .
as soon as the car enters the advisor needs to check the car toughly if any problem arises handle the problem on the same time .
1 2 month we are not getting proper service .
because they have load of cars .
so we did not get appointment early .
some time we are busy we have no time .
respondent did not answer what improvement to be done
they should take feedback .
the appointment should be available fast
after we took appointment they should remind us for an appointment .
it had only 200km in which i want to go job also .
the spare parts of market price are less 30 difference in parts of charges they provide us .
they should open one more service center as the service center have too much rush and because of that customer not able to take appointment according to his convenient
workshop should be broad to avoid harshness of customers from overcrowded situation .
t give any suggestion for this it is their own problem that how the way them makes customer satisfied .
if there is a customer who is free or has lots of time and if he wants to take his car to the service center and requests the service center people for the same , the service center people should pay attention to the customers request .
the service center people should analyze the customers situation and cooperate accordingly with them .
they should do quick service of our vehicle after appointment .
timing have lots of gap .
or how much km the car runner .
insisted of that they should give this facility at assam grad so we can get appointment fast .
the producer should be easy .
mr .
this service provided by my friend mr .
this kind of hurting thing remains in the minds of customer forever .
appointment should be as per customer request
there is no one to stop them they do all the work as per their over .
