if they have n't any spare part so they take it from other dealer but not make customer wait .
if you have made customer wait so long , then you must give good discount so that he does not get the feeling of day being wasted .
during the servicing if they are going for test drive then they should come early so our time will not get waste .
they should not waste their time , must utilize time .
because time of customer is wasted .
if it is done , then nobody will talk about them nor their time will be wasted .
they should not make customer wait for long time .
t make wait customers to wait .
this is not proper to waste the time .
in this way they are wasting our times .
it should be avoid because it wasting the time .
they have to give speed of service
it waste 3 to 4 hrs .
after servicing when i visit to take my car they kept me on wait for 1 2 hr .
they should be not waste the time .
we have to waste our time .
they waste our time .
my time is wasted my car is not with me i am facing lot of problems .
so speed of the service
there speed is low it not match to our expectation .
they waste time of us .
but then also i wasted my time by 3 hours .
if we reached half an hour late as per appointment then they normally treated wait for a long time .
i gone their morning , they wasted my whole day .
5 hours of time are been wasted .
because of this the time is wasted .
even after servicing we used wait .
they should increase the space of workshop and should give 1 time to customer and should not make the wait for the customer .
due to this you need not to waste your time and no need to wait for long hours .
due to that customer time is been wasted .
t waste customers time and even the customer is busy and have work .
dealership takes more time for servicing hence waiting is also too long .
because we have made some planning which gets wasted due to the vehicles no received on time .
last time the millennium computer was n't working so i had to wait for a long time and so lots of time was wasted .
last time my time was wasted a lot .
s why service it should be more speed .
they should increase labor so time will not waste .
so we will not waste our time to go there and also we will not have to wait there .
this dealership is 150km far there after we used wait in the center .
clock my full day was wasted .
