they took more time for vehicle servicing instead of this they should return the vehicle after the servicing within 2 to 3 hours .
they should return the vehicle within 1 hour .
if they commit us time for delivery of vehicle after service , they make us wait for delivery of vehicle .
if they commit us 4 00 pm to delivery of vehicle , we get vehicle on 4 30 pm , 5 00 pm , 5 30 or 6 00 pm .
they should complete their work in given time or they should give proper time to customers for delivery of vehicles after service .
i went to service center to service the vehicle after 40000 km servicing they told me that it will take 5 6 hours but they delivered me next day evening they told that battery is week .
it took long time to deliver the car and also for billing payments etc .
total time taken to deliver the car should be improved by giving it on time .
they should deliver car on committed time .
we take appointment and send vehicle for the service but they not return on timely .
00 am and they commit , we will return till 1 .
00 pm and they people return vehicle at 7 .
they should delivered the vehicle on the time which they committed to customer .
in the given time period they should return our vehicle .
this service center is taking more time on delivering the car .
it would be good enough if a second showroom is opened here , we can get the delivery of car in time .
withing 2 hours they should return the vehicle .
even after giving the car for servicing we do not get the delivery on time as they tell come today , tomorrow so this need to be improved .
sometimes , they are giving car delivery evening that is not convince time for the customer , so they should give the delivery of car quickly otherwise the dealership staff should delivery to car in customer place .
if dealership have so much staff and you have committed a time to return of the vehicle so you have to handover before the committed time period .
they should communicate with you before giving delivery time to you .
customers car should deliver on time .
should increase the space in garage and car should return in minimum time as it is inconvenience for us .
they cant even give the delivery of the car in proper time .
15 pm but they should not return at 5 .
but if we give vehicle for the servicing at morning they return at evening .
at least they should return vehicle within 3 hours .
if we go their and we come to know that servicing is not happen then we have to back return which is not good .
due to this we will get the delivery on time .
they should deliver the vehicle within committed time period .
service is not done properly and also the service deliver is not in time .
t deliver the car in time .
they have to deliver the vehicle within the communicated time period
they should be return vehicle same day when we visit for servicing .
t deliver our vehicle in that timeframe .
while taking the car for servicing while returning back the car they should give it in proper this will make us feel happy .
it should be delivered more promptly .
my main problem is customer should get delivery of his vehicle on time after service .
they should return vehicle within committed time .
if any executive gave customers car to other executive then he must know that at what time car need to be return .
00 pm , they return our vehicle at 8 .
service should be proper vehicle should be return on committed time after service .
they have to deliver the vehicle in time , or else if there is any late delivery they have to intimate the customers .
10 am then they should return it around 11 11 .
they had mentioned a date for the delivery of the car .
time which they commit for servicing they should return vehicle on that time .
t return vehicle on committed time we have to ask them status of our service .
they wrote on job card that car would be returned in 1 hr .
if you have given some estimated time then you have to return car within time .
if we give our vehicle for servicing in time they should return as soon as possible .
they have to deliver the vehicle as soon as possible when it was for general servicing
they need to give the service on time as they do not deliver the car which has come for servicing on time .
time consuming is very long because we have to give servicing for car in morning but they are delivery the car in evening so they should quickly complete the servicing .
whenever we visit the service center , they have to attend the customer immediately with filling their job cards and deliver it
they not should deliver car after service as per their convenient .
they should deliver the car on committed time .
they can pick the car and even home deliver the car after service .
should arrange more servicemen wherein we can get the delivery of vehicle within job sheet mentioned time period .
they are writing in receipt that in this much time your work will be done so they should deliver the car in committed time period .
they should return vehicle in committed time period .
if they are usable to return the car in 1 hr .
they can deliver the vehicle pre estimated time .
delivery time should inform properly .
make sure they deliver car on right time .
they delay 3 hours to deliver car .
only in the last service they had returned me car at 12 .
if they commit that they deliver the car within 4hours then they should deliver car in the committed time .
they should quickly delivery the car because they are taking for servicing car very long time so that should be fast .
they say that it will be delivered till 5pm but last time they but last time i received at 7pm it was after my office hour i had to stand more than 2 hours in that waiting area which is very poor .
t say that it should do it quickly but there can be exceptional case but they should be properly communicated to the customers , once i had visited other amana showroom same thing happen same delayed in deliver
now a days , staffs were working not interested , they were taking more time , less or more work , we are taking the car at morning , but we get the car return at evening .
the time which the dealership staff told they cannot give the delivery of car within that time .
they should give the delivery within that said time .
between time 10 1 , deliver of the car has been 2 hours late .
they have to deliver the vehicle before communicated time period
they need to delivery car on time which they had committed to the customer .
then everything will be solve spare parts should be available all time and if need urgent parts of car , so , it should be deliver immediately through courier .
the time that the dealership staff mentioned they never returned the car after servicing on that time .
one vechile should deliver properly from last 3years i never got delivery of my car on time .
they not delivery car on time .
they should be little bit delivery the car in time because they delivery the car late .
one day i went there at 11 am and return to home at 3 30pm .
so they should given right time to the customers for delivery their vehicle .
they should told exact time to delivery of vehicle
service center always delayed to delivered the car by 1 1 2 to 2 hours .
services are very slow , if we will given the car in the morning they return to given at evening .
servicing car should be returned to committed time
if they delivered after the service as per scheduled time it will be good .
servicing car should be returned to between one to two hour .
at that time they do n't return it .
the committed time only they should return it .
when we are giving car for servicing they people return it in 1 2 days .
lanson dealership always delayed to delivery the car after service .
if they deliver at the right time it will be good .
at that time they should return the car .
they return back to me at 3 .
delivering our car should be at proper also committed time .
which time they till us before that only car should be return us .
they toll me that car will be return in 1 1 2 hrs .
at servicing center , staff should be response given to the customer , and servicing car should be returned to committed time .
car must be delivered at given time , they properly take care of my car delivered quickly .
the time that they mentioned , they do n't give the delivery of car on that mentioned time .
they have to deliver the vehicle in time .
one day i am going at the service center at 10 o'clock , i am standing in the queue between half an hour , they are not taken our car quickly , and also not delivering the car committed time .
servicing car should be returned to committed time .
if we are giving to the servicing cat at 1oclock they are told us it returned to 5oclock , but they are not returned to committed time .
they are told us come to morning 10 am , i will returned our car at 2pm .
then they are not returned committed time .
hence they are returned our car too late .
they can deliver car on time .
we taken away our car at morning , then they returned it at evening .
they should be deliver the car to the customer if car was completely repaired they should not take long time to deliver the car .
when they return back car after servicing they should give it with in time frame .
need to return back car and informed time frame .
which time they tell us at that time only the car should be return .
accident was caused back side of the car i was returned my car after 1 month , not 1 month it was 1 month 4 days , after 34 35 days .
if i had given my car in private they would have returned it in 5 days or less than 5 days only .
they should delivery the car as per delivery time
car should not return to the customer if half work is done .
also coming at outside our servicing car should be returned before time or committed time
for the delivery on time then it will be good
delivery should be at committed time .
customer 's car should be clean properly and return it in 2 3hrs they should not take more time .
they are not returned our car at committed time .
they told us returned it 12 am but they giving us 2 pm .
they are calling with phone , appointment time at 11 am , then they servicing our car too late , also returned our car 8 pm .
2 times car was n't delivered no the informed timing due to that i missed my programs .
dealership must deliver car on time .
after servicing they should returned our car committed time
they servicing they should not take more time they committed time the car should return us
o clock but they had return at me 7 .
before respondent visited for service center they should be ready with vehicle for delivery .
the actual delivery time is 3 pm however they delivery at 4 pm .
45 am , but they are returned our car after servicing 3 .
they are not returned our car at committed time .
they are taking more time to delivery minimum they are taking 3 days .
if we go at morning time in service center they delivered at a correct time at least they should delivery fast to the senior citizen it will be good
here if dropped at 8 00am they deliver by 4 00pm only .
my own dealership is annamalai , trichy if there left at 9 00am they deliver at 11 00 .
must do delivery before the informed timing
and delivery time told us 12 pm , but they are returned our car at evening .
they should be returned our car at committed time .
they have to deliver the vehicle within communicated time period
delivering time was 3 00 but they delivered by 6 o'clock only .
they must deliver car on time .
which time they committee to us , they should deliver the car in commitment time .
they have to deliver the vehicle very fast
and after we pay the bill then also not delivering our car and again we are waiting at one hour .
service advisor should be proper there , our car delivery at time .
we are taken away our car at time then also they are delivering our car to correct time .
after servicing our car , they are returned our car too late , hence we are waiting too much time and servicing charges is more , so it should be less .
they take too much time for car servicing , before 2days i leave my car at service centre till now they not did return delivery .
the time what they said to deliver my car have not delivered on time .
i was waiting for 1 hour to delivered my car .
they said car is ready to deliver and ever they provided me the bill then also the car was not able to estimate the customer time and the car needs to ready on time .
the car was not had that much work it was a very general service like washing oil change but then also the car was delayed for deliver .
i needed so that i told them to ready the car within at 1 00pm but they delivered the car at 3 00pm .
they cheat on time like if my cargoes at 9 30 generally receive at 11 but the car enter at 9 30 deliver of 2 .
there should be increase in staff the car needs to be delivered on time .
the car should be deliver on time on what they time they said to customer they said it will be done within 2 hrs they said me it will be done at 5 00 pm but the car received at 7 00pm or 6 30 pm so that the car should be delivered on time .
the time period what they set on the same time the car needs to serviced delivered within that tome .
i give my car at morning but they return me at evening .
whatever service time they are committed for car delivery they must do it same time at lanson dealership like 10am to 3pm is car servicing time but they took delay to deliver the car at 6pm .
they should deliver a car on time which time they committed to us .
the car needs to be delivered on time it should not be delayed .
annamalai kumbakonam dealership always delays service and the delivery .
they need to test the car before delivering the car .
in this way the car will be delivered on time to the customer .
they should increase the staff and it should be improved in delivery the car .
the time what the dealership say on that time the car needs to delivered .
every time have to wait for half hour for pickup , so annamalai dealership must delivered on time .
in fact , they only tell after servicing about the problem due to which it takes time for delivery .
30 am they are returning at 4 to 5 pm .
the time of delivery on sms actual timing of delivery is totally different .
if they send sms as 3 30pm for delivery they normally delivered at 5 00 to 5 30 pm only .
in the same way they have to deliver the car as soon as possible .
they are taking more time for service after 3 days they are delivering the car .
i have a plan to go out on sunday , so i delivery my car on thursday i told them it was an emergency so they given me on saturday so i this harsha madhavaram dealership should deliver fast on car at emergency time .
after delivering my car on a service center when i return back to get a car .
if we give our car in morning 9 am then they return a car an evening 7 pm .
if we give our car 9 am , so at least they should return a car till at 2 pm .
how to deliver vehicle on time this should be understand at showroom staff level .
they should deliver the car within time .
after service vehicle should give timely deliver .
sometimes ordering the vehicles parts delivery is too delayed because part availability is less .
i was not happy for the time they took for vehicle delivery during last servicing .
as per commitment they should return the vehicle to the customers within 2 to 2 .
they should deliver the car on their committed time .
they should deliver our car on committed time .
they should do fast work and return the vehicle .
if we ask anything regarding that they respond before your appointment as well , we have several another appointment to deliver .
delivering the car is being delayed till 1 to 1 .
they said it will take 2 hours to deliver the car but almost they took 2 .
they called us in morning and sometime they told that they will deliver car on next day .
they should deliver car quickly and need to give timely attention
they told me that the car delivery would be done in 3 4 days but they delivered it after 12 days .
the car should be delivered on the time .
dealership delays on delivery of car hence they should deliver the customers car timely .
they should commit us a confirm date of delivery .
they should know that on what day and at what time they can deliver car to customer and they should deliver on given time .
t deliver the car on preferred time of the customer hence , they need to deliver the car timely .
every servicing time they delay while returning the car .
do not deliver the car on time need to deliver on timely .
when ever , we gave the complaint , instead sending return back , they have to clarify on it and do the proper servicing to the vehicle
the car should be delivered on time .
not delivering the car quickly after servicing the car .
yes , if they say it 4 pm delivery and take it till 4 .
if the dealership aware that it will take much time to deliver the customer car , then inform them prior regarding the service time
it would be better if they do the servicing and return the car as early as possible and the servicing shouldn \?
while we leaving our car in service center they said 2 00pm to 3 00pm the car will be delivered but actually the car derived on next day .
they say car will be delivered at 2 pm but actually the car delivered at 4pm or 5pm all dealership the service time should be delivered on correct time then it is good .
if the service time took only 15 minutes for servicing the car then only the car can be delivered easily .
they have to deliver the vehicle within communicated time period
1 \) they are taking more time to deliver the vehicle when compare to expected time .
they should delivery the car at the given time .
1 \) they have to deliver the vehicle as soon as possible , by they speed the work .
the time what they say to do deliver the car was not done at that time it took much more time .
servicing time should be improved , if we are giving our car for servicing in the morning then they should be returned it at evening .
which they commute the time for delivery so work should be done on those time .
which they commit a time to a customer so they should delivery a car on same time which the commit .
the service need to be done early the car wo n't be delivered at the given time .
anaamalai tirunelveli dealership service time , took was late but the car should be delivered at the given time .
if i give my car at 10am for servicing then they return at 5 pm .
if any customer comes for servicing then the car needs to be delivered at given time .
the service time what they say needs to be delivered on that time itself .
the time what they committed for delivering my car , but they returned it after two hour .
so , they should arrange the time and after needs to be delivered , otherwise they should inform us at what time car was delivered us .
1 \) they have to deliver the vehicle in time .
like if the customer comes for deliver at that time bill should be ready .
they should deliver a car on time to a customer .
lanson dealership should return the car at committed time it will be good .
anytime if we visit lanson dealership i used to wait for half hour or one hour for car delivery .
if they delivery on time it will be good .
car should be deliver on commit time .
for small work also it we gave car at morning they return it at evening .
they should deliver the car on time and the car should be done free at the same time .
this should not happen it should be deliver or otherwise they should handle the customer .
sometimes the management is wrong because while returning the car it take more time .
in last servicing they delivered my car after 18 days if we aware about this then we can borrow some other vehicle .
