we have to wait for almost 5 hours in waiting area and there they have only tv but they should have games also like carom etc .
most of the time the tv in the waiting area had signals problems .
they should have tv
remote of tv was not available at waiting area .
tv and all is there but there is no newspaper for people to read .
they should have tv and they should have games in this waiting area .
then we can watch the tv .
it would be better if they should arrange ac , newspaper tv in the waiting area .
like we seated there from morning 10 to evening 4 pm and we came to know that the tv was closed so it should not happened with any one .
there should be have tv there should be have news paper also , so we can read the news paper and also see the tv freely .
in waiting area there is a tv but it is not working and air condition facility should be there .
waiting area should be proper and there tv magazine also available .
in waiting area all facility are there like tv , newspaper etc .
the dsk there is tv in waiting area .
t saw the tv ,
their should be have tv and wi fi connection also , so customer was not feel bored there .
it would be good if they keep tv or newspaper .
the current waiting room is in front of the service adviser hence , customers are watching tv and due to that service adviser is facing disturbance when they pick phone calls and its affect their own duty .
we want some privacy for watching tv , reading newspaper etc .
there should be an isolated area where magazine , tv , newspaper and some informatics thing should be available .
at waiting room , they have tv but need to fix tata sky connection .
sitting arrangement should be good at waiting area tv or magazine should be available for customer over there .
there should be sofa available at waiting area , ac tv also should be there for entertainment .
there also have only one washroom for all people in waiting area tv are always on , so that 's why i feel disturbance there always when we go there in waiting area , it was full .
there tv also not working properly news channel not available on tv .
their should be tv for entertainment .
the tv setup box not have all channel which is at waiting area .
