they should increase the man power should appoint a manager , who check the vehicle 's cleanliness before giving it to the customer 's and should take less time in cleaning process .
there was soil on front wheel rear wheel but the service center staff was not cleaned it .
the supervisor should take care about each and every single problem because last time they had not properly cleaned my vehicles .
proper responsible staff should be available in this dealership and they should properly cleaning the car and condition service should be improved .
we have to tell service advisor that do cleaning here and there and after that they do cleaning well .
adviser should be look those staff who is cleaning vehicle because of they not clean properly .
there is no supervisor who can see properly even the manager is also not good .
manager of tata is nice he manage good .
the worker for washing car should be increase .
we have to be behind the staff and tell them there is all dirt in my car .
the area manager was telling its happen we are staying in india we are not in foreign the word which they told should not suppose to say .
when customer given to servicing for car that time staff should be proper cleaning the car and if some scratches are there that should be removed .
more staff should be available .
sometimes they are not washing the car so staff should proper concentration to washing the car .
like for example if we go to the doctor tell that my chest is paining then the doctor will tell you what is to be done for that so like that only the staff should tell us that what type if servicing is to be done by looking at the car .
instead this should be mentioned by the dealership staff .
staff should be in control .
the staff who control guide them they itself don t have proper controlling power .
service staff are not clean the vehicle properly .
when customer give the servicing for car that time staff should properly clean the vehicle .
supervisors should check the same .
when i enter the service center within 15 minutes a staff should attend the car .
instead they should use more labor so that it is cleaned in less time also properly .
before delivery supervisor should check the vehicle it is clean or not .
the staff of service center should performed the work properly and should clean the vehicle properly .
staff who are doing oil service should wear gloves so that it would be more clean .
manager should after all this .
their service advisor must go and check if complete cleaning is done or no
cleaning staff must have some facilities .
service advisor should check the vehicle properly before give it to the customer .
earlier the advisor himself informed us about cleaning by handover the key .
sometimes staffs are not clean the outside of car so they should properly clean the vehicle .
increasing the staff .
they have to educated the staff regarding the cleanliness .
washing staff should be well trained about cleanliness maintaining of car .
they should done their work with responsibly and management should check whether the work has been done or not .
worker should clean vehicle properly after service or their hands should be clean while servicing .
they should appoint skilled labor for washing .
staff should take care of it that work should go smoothly .
service advisors are not proper .
toyota customers don t have any other option so infinium dealership staff doing cheating with customers .
all staff are thief at this dealership .
proper advisors are not there in this dealership .
their staff should be informed that if any vehicle comes for washing they should wash that car properly .
staff told me sorry even they repair it .
if the delivery staff do something wrong then they should accept it .
supervisor should change the old staff because the person will do their duty and its supervisor duty to check .
staff should be increased there is minimum staff and work should be done slowly that will be good .
there should be some sort of awareness within staff .
staff should be increased .
workers are very well .
supervisor should be properly monitoring the washing service .
they should appoint some advisors who can check car after washing and then they deliver car to customers .
service advisor also was present there .
worker 's should be permanent .
staff should be understanding were it is dirty in the car and customer not necessary to told the staff , and staff should be trained to mechanical to new car
they should increase staff because at the time of servicing lots of rush is our there staff are less .
staff should work with responsibly understanding .
so they should provide proper supervision to the cleaning staff .
staff is doing heard work from beginning of the day .
i think they should increase staff so it will be good .
supervisor should be check the car after the delivery .
there should be one advisor who check the car after servicing , they should check that the car properly clean or not .
there washing facility are all good , but their staffs are not doing properly work .
the staffs were should be doing all works properly .
they are not washing our cars , we told the manager they also not response to us .
they should check the car and then do the servicing then should be improvement needed in servicing staff should be good and not neglect the work .
worker should be clean properly .
toyota staff must be trained properly .
they should be open service center to trained the staff
service center workers must be guided .
every time they were not properly washing the car after servicing the car every time there was need to be told them telling the done it properly but every customer was told them to make the proper washing they should be give attention while washing the car there should be no any need of customer remind the service advisor to washing car properly .
good staff should be their for washing the car .
they have to increase the staff
after servicing workers should dry clean the car properly .
the executive should be attention the staff he wash the cars .
at bijapura service centre not good , there is not cleaning also very dust and workers are not doing fast work .
at hubbali service centre , there very good service also staffs are good .
hubbalis staffs replaced to bijapura service centre .
at service center more cars are taken away for servicing hence labor should be increased then it should be good .
they should strictly behave with staff .
the labor worker of service center work properly when there is a executive they work properly because they have to gain 10 out of 10 marks from customer , if the executive is not available then they just do improperly work and handover the car to the customer .
staffs are deeply working there , but should be work more , should be appointed at educated people .
staff should be good .
labor should be properly repaired our car , it should be good for us .
servicing should be improved if i am giving car for servicing it should not happened like i received car with scratches this is completely unrespectable for me as a customer i thing that toyota had not given proper training to staff like how to handle car .
they should appoint one service manager over there to improve the services .
they should increase washing staff .
they should train staff like how to use machinery how to wash car .
management should be improved .
advisor of cleanliness should little bit take care .
supervisor should check it .
staff should have knowledge about cleaning the car
supervisor should check the car wether it is cleaned properly or not .
service center staff should do their work perfectly with care .
the staffs who are doing servicing they should take watch on them that they are cleaning the car properly or not .
workers should work properly .
after servicing , the executive should be test the car and returned to the customer , if it not cleaning properly , the executive should be told the workers and again should be clean it
the place where they clean the car the supervisor should be available so that he can check the car before delivery the car .
all equipment 's are available over there but staffs not there have knowledge how to use it they are not trained properly the should training to them they should trained how to talk with customer and how to wash the car they should have fear of senior and junior .
staff should be increased .
cars body parts should be cleaning properly also staff should be improvement .
they need to appoint good experience staff for service .
so they should have a good experience staff for clean service .
last service time i told to the manager , he promised me next service we doing properly , but they did as it is only
service provider staff are very poor .
company should remove the manager and appoint new staff .
the staff should check the car once after servicing .
in this should be improve and also service advisor should be check the car .
once the worker finishes there work it s the responsibility of advisor to recheck the service and to inform the customers .
after servicing my car they are not properly washed it , they are given to at private service centre , at private centre workers are not serviced , they are only sprayed it .
they should concentrate on staff which cleanilessed they done , which was proper or not .
they should be cleaned our cars overall parts , also without customers information workers should do by themselves
after servicing our car and ready for it , then there 2 to 3 workers are there , they used same material for dashboard polishing and polishing our car , hence our car we are not able to see light .
there should be a difference between local mechanics and showroom staff but they are doing the servicing like outside mechanic people .
i have told the staffs about this and they have told me that we cannot do more than this .
they have to increase the staff ans mechanics
while servicing our car they are not properly washed our car , washing is very important for servicing , hence , good workers should be appointed specially for washing our car .
service advisor needs to check the car before delivery before making the bill .
there staff s are on contracted base or they are not getting their salary properly .
there should be one supervise to check the cleaning the staff are doing properly or not .
in front of the customer if they clean it will not satisfy the customer needs and there should be change in staff .
at the time of washing the car they should provide one supervisor .
the staffs didn t notice that i was watching everything whatever they are doing .
many staffs are change .
they should keep more efficient staff and a good mechanic .
this service was not done by dealership this was mostly done by outside staff , so they are doing what they know
while returning car to the customer before that they should re check the car by their service advisor then they should give car to customer .
after servicing the car the supervisor should check the car washed properly or not , and even customer to get the facility once again to check is own car , if the customer satisfied then he take as per his decision .
there should be supervision on staff who does cleaning ad when our car is under service .
the car should be checked by a senior supervisor .
their manager should checked the car properly like cleanliness was done proper or not .
the contractor should check the supervisor work in service center .
the company should have a staff from complaint itself for appointment purpose .
one worker can t handle full work .
they should improve their management as it is in poor condition .
staff not have knowledge how to wash the car
supervisor should take responsible for cleanliness service because sometimes they are not clean the vehicle properly .
staff are not good .
staff should be changed actually .
the number of staff members is less and should be increased .
especially the staff should take major care towards the cleanliness in the service .
labor should be increased .
the staff should be increased .
there are only 3 staff members for cleaning .
staffs are not working manually in engine we see that most of dust is there .
dealership staffs are not properly cleaning the car some of dots are see in mirror so that should be improved .
monitoring should get properly to staff .
they should focus on staff
at erode dealership there is lack of staffs .
due to lack of staff the services are incomplete .
hence , they need to increase the staffs .
ended up the service staff need to screw up to do the work properly .
staff should clean the vehicle properly so it will be good
the workers who are in the dealership should co operate and guide customers .
the workers who work in service center they should do their work properly .
1 \) they have to change the washing staff 2 \) they have to increase the service advisors .
3 \) they have to provide supervisors .
the staff of grand toyota are n't proper and they never clean the car .
i have suggestion that your staff should work smartly .
there workers are not properly washed car .
you should have skilled labor not unskilled labor .
because of unskilled labor physical damage happened .
workers should clean a car properly .
cleanliness of car are very poor , we pay for cleanliness for our car , so if we tell anything to them about cleanliness then they told , our advisor which way told us like that we do .
i done my innova car servicing in uttam toyota , there staff are very good and also they do proper work grand toyota dealership people should talk to a customer to proper way and also they should clean a car properly .
the staff over there takes more leave .
the staff is very eland they should increase the staff .
which have there washing staff and after washing which staff have for cleanliness they should them .
washing staff should concentrate on them work .
the staff use stereo for cleaning purpose .
i have service center the staff are very less .
there is only one staff in washing area the pressure is fully on that one guy he is also an under staff only .
they staff should wash the car properly .
the workshop manager who looks after cleaning of car so they should look after it properly .
staff is not good in dealership .
the toyota management director they should put some pressure on their staff .
so i complaint to the manger so he called the staff to wash my car properly .
so that they said it had problem so they took the car to showroom the opened the dealership and the staff came and serviced within 1 00 they deceived my car .
the staff should improve on cleaning .
mechanical staff should improve their work .
when car go for washing , so there have only 2 3 worker for washing and also thee have lots of car , so they have to service all car and washing also .
they take lots of time and also they not washed a car properly because there have no time so much , so it should be improve and also worker should be increase , because of this they can improve their service .
washing needs to be good the advisor who takes the car for servicing .
he needs to give time allotment to their staff .
if the customer says the cleaning is not good then that needs to be taken car by the service advisor .
there is a problem in worker works .
management should improve their responsibilities .
the workers who are involve in cleaning process should work under manager as the management should looks after them .
so customer don t have to complaint about the work their should be one advisor or supervisor who look after the work .
there should be one supervisor who look after the cars while servicing check the car after servicing .
so all staff should be co operative with the customers not only technical staff in toyota .
the cleaning is not done properly we used to say many time for the cleaning and then only they do it otherwise they leave as it is when we say to staff about the cleaning they say cleaning is done properly dust is not removed properly he had impression are left as it .
if we say them they medially say there is a problem in maslin they staff are very less in the cents , the use dirty cloth for cleaning .
they should clean car properly they should appoint quality staff whom have proper knowledge they should give proper attention to car servicing .
when we visit jabalpur we don t have to till the staff to clean the car properly .
