whatever time , they are committing they should be give car on that time .
if they committed time as 90 min for servicing then they should give car within timeline or approx .
they should listen to the customer and should not make customer wait beyond their commitment as the commit to customer wait till 12 pm and they handover the at 5 pm .
so they replace , it because of that it was delayed also i have checked the same issue out side but they told it is in good condition then also they replaced it .
request of service need to within given time period without delaying .
they have to complete the service within the committed time period .
the should complete the work in committed time .
they must give car within the committed time .
i had given car at 11 am and commitment time was 2 3 pm but they gave the car at 6 pm .
they must tell half and hour extra than the required time and we must get the car in that time so that we will not have to wait there .
they committed other things and do other thigs .
whatever time you are committing in that time period and half an hour late they should give the car but the delay 2 hours .
car should provide within committed time period so it will avoid waiting time .
i wait 3 hours extra from their committed time so the should more committed for customer satisfaction .
it should receive in committed time .
if they are doing commitment then they should complete within the time period .
they should complete the work within the committed time period .
they should be try to complete work within they committed time period .
i had an appointment at 12 pm and toyota commit us that they can do the service in 60 minutes but i wait there 1 hour 30 minutes extra , they should do washing fast as they consuming maximum time in washing .
1 \) they are delaying the serving of the vehicle
they take extra 3 4 hours for servicing .
they should service the vehicle in their committed time and should not waste customer 's time .
problem is they commit us time and they don \?
they did not fulfill their commitments .
because they take full day to service the car thus i get delay on my works .
they take more time than committed time for servicing the car .
t complete within committed time frame .
if they commit that you will get vehicle at 6 .
they should fulfil the given commitments .
1 \) they have to give the vehicle within committed time period .
they should not too much time in committed time .
work should be done on committed time .
they take more time than committed for the servicing .
fulfill the commitment that you have given .
they have given my car to me almost 1 1 and half an hour late from committed time .
but they did not give the car on the mentioned date said that it would delay for 15 days .
they should give the car on the committed day instead of delaying it .
they should do the work in time which they committed and also should not take too much time .
if they commit us time to complete service 1 .
they should give car on committed time .
11 00 am they commit time 3 00 but they given it to 7 00pm at evening
00pm they should not delay .
they should hand over the car in committed time .
time should be taking less and they should commit exact time to us which they will take for service .
they not suppose to commit us 2 hours and then make us wait till 3 4 hours .
they should do the work which they committed and also they should not take too much time .
5 times extra time .
service should be done in committed time .
working delay not should happen .
they should give the car on committed time .
should give the car within committed time period to the customers .
it is wrong they are taking 5 hours waiting time instead of one hour waiting time as per their commitment .
they should not take too much time and they should do the work which they committed
they tell the approximate time but generally it gets delayed so it is very frustrating .
they never give us committed time .
when people were any commitment to the staff , when staff should be minded to that commitment also working about the car .
but they done in 4 hour , they should done our work in commit time
the time which you commit to the customer , car should be serviced in commented period of time and the car should ready in that period .
they commit that servicing would be done in 3hrs it should be done in 3 hrs .
they committed one half hour take 3 hours .
they should do their work in committed time .
servicing car should be given in committed time .
they should give car on committed time .
they commit time 5 o'clock but give car at 7 or 8 o'clock .
servicing time should be improvement , they should be given committed time to the customer .
it they commit 2 o'clock they give car on 5 o'clock .
which time they commute to the customer for the servicing , they should be complete the work in commute time , they should be not take extra time .
servicing car should be given committed time
they are not given commitment time .
they committed me one hour for servicing of my car but they not completed the work on committed time .
they should do a work on committed time .
they committed 1 hour time but the taken 3 4 hours time , they have to commit perfect time wrong commitment not be given .
they should give car in committed time period or before that but not given after committed time also
most of the time 1 to 1 1 2 hour they delays because we have wait for an hour .
they take our car for servicing not on committed time but they give car at right time .
they should not commit the time like your car will service in that time and if they commit the time so they should done the work in same time .
they should be done the work in commited time .
last time they were committed the time period for servicing the car but they were not completed their servicing of car with in committed time
they are not doing servicing on committed time .
the servicing car should be given to committed time .
they commits 2 hour time but they give car after 4 hours .
they should complete there commitment .
dealership center should complete their work in committed time .
they should be given our car at committed time .
they should give car of committed time .
if i give my car in service center at 2o'clock they should give the car in committed time inserted of 6o'clock .
they should give the car in committed time .
they are given committed time .
they should give car from committed time .
after servicing the car should be give on committed time .
they not give me car on committed time .
so they should give car on committed time .
at annamalar dealership were sometime servicing delay for 1 hour or 30 minute they should be service our car at committed time , if will be good for the customer .
they are given the committed time but they taken more time .
which time they committed to us that time not gives the car .
they should be giving the car in committed time .
they are not servicing at committed time .
they should give car on committed time .
11 00 am they commit time 3 00 but they given it to 7 00pm at evening
they are not completed work on committed time .
there are all genius instead of they do mistakes they should not take extra time for small work .
they should be done the work in commit time .
they are not giving car on committed time , it should be less .
after servicing they are not giving car on committed time .
we are waiting at 4 to 5 hour , they taken more time , also they did not told us how much time they taken , they should be told to the customer at committed time .
they should give car not committed time .
at service center lots of cars come for servicing , then they is not referred our car after servicing at committed time .
they should give car on committed time .
they should complete the work on time , which time they committed to us .
they should give car on committed time .
they should give car on committed time .
dealership should give car on committed time
they committed 3 hours to us but they took 6 hours for normal services .
it should not be delayed .
they should give car on committed time .
they always delay by 1 to 1 \?
they should not take extra time in servicing
the can take extra time but they should inform us about the exact time which they have taken .
they should not take too much time and should hand over the vehicle to customer on the time they commit .
they should do improvement in waiting as they taken lots of time as per their commitment , i received the sms of service before getting the car .
they should take vehicle on time they commit for servicing .
even though they say its speed service but still they delay while hand over the car .
if customer come with appointment then you should complete servicing in specific committed time .
they should hand over the vehicle to the customer on the time they committed and should service one 1 vehicle at the time .
if they delays then it will spoils the name and they should keep the timing properly like if 2 hours means sharp 2 hours only .
they never do the servicing on the time committed to the customers .
i had to go there everyday in the week after the committed date and tell them about the left out work .
some time vehicles do not get in time its get delay around the 1 or 1 1 2 hour .
i did not get my car on committed day .
they took extra 2 3 days unnecessary .
they should commit confirm days if they are going to take 12 days for service they should commit us for 12 days .
they should service the vehicle at the time they commit .
they should do the servicing in the time frame which they committed they should not take extra time .
due to over appointment fixing the services get delayed and also couldn \?
they should handover the car to the customer in committed time and should attend the customer first who visit their with appointment .
servicing time two to three times delayed that \?
the service timing is delayed .
they should give car on commited time .
they commit 10 o'clock but not give car till 2 .
they should give a reason if they take extra time .
they should give car on committed time .
they should service a car according to a time which they commit to a customer .
almost they taken 25days for servicing , they given a commitment for a 12 days but working process had 4 5 days only .
they not give car after servicing on committed time .
they committed 60minutes but give car after 2 or 3 hours .
they should give car after servicing on commited time .
you should give car on committed time to us one time i had given car at 9 00 they should give me at 11 00 but they give me at 3 30 i wait there for 6 hours there are ladies who attend me so i cannot talk with them much .
they should change servicing time they commit 5 30 pm time but give me car at 7 30 after servicing .
servicing should be done as soon as possible they should not extra time .
they should give car after servicing on commited time .
t need money he need time car and time must be know delayed from that particular period .
but they take extra time .
they should give car to customer on committed time .
in last servicing which time they taken they should give a car in commit time it should be improved .
they should give car to customer on committed time .
they committed one or two days but give car after five or six days .
if they need more time for servicing the vehicle that time they should in for the clients once the service advisor committed the time period like vehicle will be ready at 5 00 pm they should inform the client 4 30pm as your vehicle will ready at 5 00 pm .
they should service a car on time , they should done a work in commit time , they should not take extra time .
they should give car to customer on committed time .
