they should increase the man power should appoint a manager , who check the vehicle 's cleanliness before giving it to the customer 's and should take less time in cleaning process .
they have to check the vehicle properly before giving to customer .
they should check before handovering the car customer .
after servicing executive should check car both inside and outside .
he can check what are the issues and what should they do .
they should check first before handover the car to customer .
so advisor should check these things before giving it the customer .
they should check the vehicle before give it to the customer that the vehicle is properly cleaned or not .
because after servicing we never open and check the bonnet there but when we reach home and check the bonnet it is completely dirty , but now there is little improvement .
their should be an random check .
should check once again after completion on the car work .
supervisors should check the same .
service advisor should check the vehicle properly before give it to the customer .
after washing if we check , it has problems .
after cleaning they should check inside car as well .
they should done their work with responsibly and management should check whether the work has been done or not .
they should check car properly before give it to the customer .
they should check the car first before delivery .
they should check the car properly before giving it to the customer .
00 pm so they should at that time we have to check dust and cleanliness again on our car .
if they had change only parts then they should check and should pay attention .
if we are giving for servicing then they should properly check before giving .
if we give any complaint , they have to rectify the problem and check the parts regarding that complaint
they should check about all the complaints like tire lights etc .
they should appoint some advisors who can check car after washing and then they deliver car to customers .
in 60mins service procedure they do all things like cleaning the car , repairing or servicing the car but one thing is skipped that is delivery check process .
because in my second servicing i feel that delivery check procedure is not done .
they themselves should check where is the problem in car .
after servicing they should check the car they need to give attention for this improved it .
supervisor should be check the car after the delivery .
they should be check .
service centre person should take the authority to check the car before hand over the customer .
when customers are giving car for servicing they should check car properly .
there car 7 they also check the car
when we give our car for journal check up that time they should remove scratches and also tied the parts which are loose .
they should be more take care about journal check up .
they have to check all service is done or not .
they are done the checking completely .
in a car oil level and also air tier have or not they also not check it
they must finally check the car once before deliver and finishing time must be cleared .
after servicing the car they should check it again .
if they servicing the car they should check the quality of the car .
after completion for service they must totally check once again .
they should check car properly at the time of servicing .
car technically should be check .
after car servicing the technically from inside one 's again it should be check .
before delivering the vehicle in charge person should check the vehicle servicing is done correctly or not
after servicing they have to check the car i .
car is washed check the condition of the car after that car should be given to the customer .
they should increase the check point .
car should check properly when it is hangover .
car service provider should check the car remove it out because there cleanliness is good .
before deliver the car they should check properly .
supervisor should check it .
supervisor should check the car wether it is cleaned properly or not .
we only take car and drive so they must properly check all these things
they have to check the vehicle before delivering to the customers .
before hand over the car their engineer should check the car completely .
in this should be improve and also service advisor should be check the car .
after car servicing they should check the car once again .
car should be completely check .
like battery also should be check .
service advisor needs to check the car before delivery before making the bill .
actually the executive needs to check the car properly .
3 \) they should check car interior properly .
dust should be not there so they should check it .
while returning car to the customer before that they should re check the car by their service advisor then they should give car to customer .
after servicing the car the supervisor should check the car washed properly or not , and even customer to get the facility once again to check is own car , if the customer satisfied then he take as per his decision .
they should check the car then only they should return the car to customer .
they should check that the car was properly cleaned or not .
the contractor should check the supervisor work in service center .
after the return of vehicle they should ask to customers is there problem in vehicle , you can check .
after servicing they have to check the vehicle of the condition 2 .
once completing the service in car the dealership service man should take trial to check the car .
after completing servicing when they washed our car that time they should check and after that they should deliver to customer .
after washing there should be a checkup point they should check that vehicle is properly washed or not .
in charge of dealership should check full car from inside also before deliver car to customers .
before hand over the car to customer they should check it properly .
they not check an inside a car after servicing they should check a car properly to an inside because when we done a servicing that time dust was remained like that an inside a car so when we informed them after that they cleaned it but it should be not happen before hand over a car they should check a car completely .
oil and brake condition needs to check properly while delivery .
they should properly check car before hand over to the customers
after servicing and cleaning the car needs to be check thoroughly and the deliver the car to the customer .
after servicing before giving car to customer they should check car properly that all the work done correctly or not .
there should be one supervisor who look after the cars while servicing check the car after servicing .
the should check the interior parts are cleaned or not .
