they have to clean inside the vehicle .
after servicing there was dust , so they should clean dust inside the car properly .
they should do good cleaning of vehicle . they should increase the man power should appoint a manager , who check the vehicle 's cleanliness before giving it to the customer 's and should take less time in cleaning process .
they should take manual feedback from customers after the servicing is done .
cleanliness is not good . they have to improve the washing centers .
when we receive vehicle after servicing , they don \? t clean vehicle properly . there was dust in my car even after cleaning .
after the servicing they did not cleaned windshield clearly . due to this when i was going back to coimbatore , i was not able to see outside clearly it was late night . so i came out of the car clean it from myself then i had done my travel .
entrance part of vehicle , it should be clean .
while returning the car after washing it should be good in terms of cleanliness . inside the car there i found some mud which was not cleaned properly and those place seems to be rusted later . these things need to be implemented .
they should give the vehicle after cleaning it completely and properly .
they should clean the glasses of the vehicle properly . also it should properly clean from inside . an employee name shaikh is very good in nature .
no improvement require
need to improve washing process . stain of the water remain on the vehicle after washing . should clean it properly .
car wash services are not good . it is poor . previously i received call from service center about the feedback i had given same feedback regarding he wash services but still it not improved . while servicing of my vehicle there was ant at the silencer . they had washed my car but ant was as it is it was not cleared . there was soil on front wheel rear wheel but the service center staff was not cleaned it . in side of car seat also not in proper condition . once i had done car wash from outside dealer they had everything properly . but the toyota dealer not done it . so they should improve it .
when they use machines to wash , side and front of car are not cleaned properly . when we asked about that they told its dambar . when we touched the car we realize its dust and not dumber . after that they wash the car .
customer service must be complete and properly .
they should clean the car properly and also they should clean the inside of the car .
they have to check the vehicle properly before giving to customer .
the car is not washed properly after a wash also it is seemed to be oily . they damaged my tire the employees always keep on changing due to which there is lack of knowledge
they should do proper cleaning of the vehicle .
washing cleaning of vehicle should be more proper .
when i went in morning to dealership they clean my car but when i took my vehicle back from dealership there was dust particles on my car which they suppose to clean . i didn \? t told them anything about this because i was in hurry .
they should do the proper cleaning of interior part of the vehicle .
car washing service is not good . they washed my car improperly . they should improve on the same .
they should check before handovering the car customer . some times they forget cleaning some areas .
they should do the work as per customers need .
the cleanliness and condition of the vehicle when it is returned i really don \? t like as it was not been washed properly as on the vehicle some patches or dots every time remain and i have told many times and when i told them clean the vehicles properly they told it will be extra charged for cleaning properly as my son cleans the vehicle better than them
whatever issues customer raise they should resolved it according to them . cleanliness is there . after completing 1 year of the car then they should clean the fiber from their end should not charge for it . for servicing we come to you then if we are facing any issues then also will come to you only . at least for 2 years you should give proper servicing . if we give vehicle for cleaning in other service center then it could be fiber damage due to use of different chemical . if you will do the service it would be better because you know very well which chemical should be used to clean the vehicle . after the servicing you should remove dust which remains on vehicle .
executive should be present when they return customer 's vehicle . after servicing executive should check car both inside and out side . he can check what are the issues and what should they do . executive should not be available inside center he should available in open area where cars pass .
they should focus on cleanliness . car should be cleaned properly . sometimes they forget to clean soil .
while answering the cleanliness question i rated as 4 as i already mentioned they do not clean the vehicle properly . they clean only when we ask them or show it instead they should do it before we tell them i always give them complaint about cleanliness they always do it only after complaint . i have to tell them that the vehicle is not cleaned from here not cleared from there so then after telling them it is cleaned . so there is still complaint about the same if this part of their work is clean than there is no issue in any other thing . there is no other thing except they should wash or clean properly without any complaint .
they should clean the vehicle properly as we need to instruct them on cleaning
inside of glass are not cleaned after servicing the car . there was spot of oil on glass .
car washing service is not good . they did not washed my car properly .
they should clean car properly . in door area dust remains after was so they should clean it properly . ac in front of dash board and inside door place should clean neatly .
they should be improve the quality of work charges should be reduce . the servicing is not satisfactory . the dirt was still there inside the car when i was went there to pick up the car there is dirt found in the car then they take the car inside clean it again . the servicing are not good . there was no major work and i gave car only for servicing .
speak respectfully with the customers and whatever , we tell they must clean and do not ask to leave us . they must say , sir you wait we would get it done . they do not have time .
cleaning of vehicle should be proper . hey charge 1500 rupees for washing but still washing is not proper . they don \? t clean small parts of car like rubbers of door , gaps between door windows . chemical , shampoo liquid which they use for washing that is easily available in market . if we give vehicle for cleaning to any local service station in village they clean vehicle in just 300 rupees and if we clean internal parts they clean in 600 rupees only . we pay 1500 rupees still they did not clean my car properly . i am not happy with cleaning of vehicle .
they should do washing in interior part also like boot space or window mirrors .
in my last service my experience of washing was little bad so supervisor should be focused on cleaning of vehicles . technique with they use for cleaning is proper but windows glasses rubbers strip of doors corners are not cleaning properly .
the supervisor should take care about each and every single problem because last time they had not properly cleaned my vehicles . wheel was not properly cleaned . and the while entering the mat they didn \? t clean that . so i claimed same by the executive . so this thing should not be occurred again
they should be more careful concerned about our job . they change any of the spare parts , before it gets damaged . this thing i came to know when i showed this spare parts to other mechanics . they don \? t give proper washing to our cars . they just wash it for once or twice but by rule they should wash it until it is not clean but they charge for extra washing , which is a problem for every owner . when we \? re paying so much , then why we should pay extra for washing . i have to buy my satisfaction . some charges are comparatively much higher . they should not change the spare parts before 1k km for which the car is not even running for 1 month .
no improvement require
last time when i went there for servicing they said that they would wash my car but the car was not washed properly .
sometimes car is not clean properly . they should check first before handover the car to customer .
they should clean the interior portion of the car . they should clean the downside of the seats , gates ceilings properly . after cleaning the car properly , they should use chemicals or polishing , or else the dirty areas would remain dirty forever .
proper responsible staff should be available in this dealership and they should properly cleaning the car and condition service should be improved .
normally what ever work we have they must do it immediately . they must do the cleaning properly . car must be cleaned from inside also
the water washing of the vehicle is not good .
they must clean the car properly . when they are in hurry they do not clean the car properly
they clean car from outside but from inside car was not cleaned . so advisor should check these things before giving it the customer .
they should clean the vehicle properly and should check the vehicle properly , they should put the papers on all 4 seats without reminding them .
respondent was not able to suggest how to improve it .
they should check the vehicle before give it to the customer that the vehicle is properly cleaned or not .
alignment done during the servicing is not proper . outside steering must be kept correctly . alignment should be done properly .
they should concentrate on small parts also when they clean the car .
boys working in service center need to do cleaning well . we have to tell service advisor that do cleaning here and there and after that they do cleaning well .
they do not clean the vehicle properly when given for cleaning . as my vehicle is parked on the road beside my house so they use vetam for doing servicing . but the cleaning part should be done properly .
after washing the car staff should be proper checking the cleanliness of vehicle because sometimes car mad is not clean .
everyone should do their work properly so cleanliness will automatically happen
whenever , we gave the vehicle to the service , they have to do the work properly especially cleanliness of the vehicle . i had waited there for 4 hour 's when i visited for servicing . when i had given my vehicle for servicing i had observed the same as previous after delivering the vehicle .
they never clean the car . cleaning is not done properly . cleaning should be done properly . this can be done even better . we should not tell you about this .
car should be completely clean when we get the car outside after servicing . like there are stains on glass , hands print are left or once when i opened the bonnet it was very dirty . for this i also complained to them and had also shared the photos . because after servicing we never open and check the bonnet there but when we reach home and check the bonnet it is completely dirty , but now there is little improvement .
service should be improved . they need to clean the car completely and properly .
respondent don \? t known how improve the services .
the vehicle should be cleaned properly from inside . they do not clean tires mudguard properly as they only pour water on it so they should clean it by using brush .
they did not do proper cleaning inside the car . if cleaning would be done good then we also be happy
cleaning must be done . polishing must be done properly . stains appear on the car , it must be cleaned properly after sprinkling water .
they should work as team and persons who are working there should do work properly . after car wash they do polishing due to which car did not clean and it made it unclean .
while returning the car after washing it should be good in terms of cleanliness . inside the car there i found some muds which was not cleaned properly , these things need to be implemented .
they are not cleaning properly both from inside and outside . polishing is a part of cleaning that also they do not do it . they must take care on all these things .
i had pay 1250 rupees for the dry cleaning but they had clean vehicle such way we clean it our house . when clean vehicle from other place they clean properly and they charged 700 800 rupees after dry cleaning they called me and ask \? if you have any problem then you can tell us \? . in aravalli dealership they don \? t have vacuum cleaner . they didn \? t clean vehicle deeply if i ask them about this then they said that we will clear later .
they not clean properly dashboard . they should clean stains which are on the mats and seat . toyota is big brand so they should improve all things . we face many problems because of this cleaning .
they return our vehicle with wet from inside and out side water is dripping . they should wipe the vehicle with dry cloth before giving .
they have to clean the vehicle properly
cleaning service should be improved . sometimes they are not clean the car .
interior cleaning washing should be done properly . the interior gas was not given .
adviser should be look those staff who is cleaning vehicle because of they not clean properly . if they clean 4 vehicles , he looks 4 vehicles and if they take 1 vehicle he looks 1 vehicle . adviser must clean vehicle under his observation so customer should not say after the servicing .
car must be completely be cleaned from inside . must have cleaner like door also needs to be cleaned . they must clean dash board . dash board gate must be polished . 1 more improvement needed is mirror must open automatically .
there is no supervisor who can see properly even the manager is als not good . manager of tata is nice he manage good . after servicing car do not clean properly . service of tata is good . when work gets over of car should clean , wash properly , polilsh properly but they are making quality bad .
the worker for washing car should be increase . more we cannot say because we keep waiting in the waiting room though we do not know that much .
work quality should be improved also they should improve on car cleaning part .
services are ok , there is no issues as such . they should improve on cleaning part of the car .
they should be provide vehicle after proper clean . sometimes mate was not clean properly also not drying so it should be done properly .
car washing services should be improved
they should clean and check the vehicle properly before hand over to customer
4 4 times you have to tell them what is wrong , inside there was all dirty . they said wait as we do not have time . they call and tell us car is ready but when you go there to pick up the car they ask us to wait for 5 more minutes . they call us to tell car is ready come and pick then why they make us wait for another half an hour . we have to be behind the staff and tell them there is all dirt in my car . then you should call us only after car is completely ready .
they said that car been washed out properly . their was end number of dust in my car . the area manager was telling its happen we are staying in india we are not in foreign the word which they told should not suppose to say . if there is a guy who is looking for a car . their should be an random check . you can pick any single lot out of 100 10 in a day you can find 2 things
when customer given to servicing for car that time staff should be proper cleaning the car and if some scratches are there that should be removed .
the cleaning of the car should be more after servicing . they should wash the car more cleanly .
vehicle should be clean neat and proper .
more staff should be available . adviser should be deal personally and he should attend personally who is having complaints .
they should do proper cleaning of the vehicle .
sometimes they are not washing the car so staff should proper concentration to washing the car .
if they are clean the quarter that quality was good and they are clean in water spray but water spray is not cleaning the car properly so if they are cleaning the car properly cars looking was good .
they give good service when we bring our car for servicing . but while taking the car back we should feel happy by the services received because they will not leave the car without taking money for the service provided so we should be 100 happy with the services . like for example if we go to the doctor tell that my chest is paining then the doctor will tell you what is to be done for that so like that only the staff should tell us that what type if servicing is to be done by looking at the car . as i am not much aware of the car i don \? t know that what is to be done if there is break issue or tire is punctured . instead this should be mentioned by the dealership staff . once i had told them to change the clutch plate but before that i told them to do the servicing of the car . but i had to send the car again after 2 days of servicing for changing the clutch plate .
supervisor should be check the vehicle it was proper washing cleaning or not then they should give car to customer staff should be more cooperative with customer
staff should be in control . the staff who control guide them they itself don \? t have proper controlling power .
should wash car properly , dust should not remain inside .
the expectation i had towards the cleanliness that i didn \? t get . they should improve the quality of works towards cleanliness .
they should focus on washing of vehicle .
they should do proper cleaning of the vehicle .
washing service should be improve . it should be done from up side , under the car and inside the car as well . they done washing servicing half only .
car body wash should be clean properly and expert staff should be washing the car .
no improvement require
they should active towards the cleanliness . they should clean the spots etc . and clean the car properly .
towards condition and cleanliness in the last servicing , i gave my car it was the first servicing of my car . the washing and all inside and outside basically it was not clean . inside also i could find the dust also . they should work properly .
in the cleaning process they clean the engine keep the engine for drying in the open space so due to this dust mud is collected in the engine . so even after cleaning the engine dust is collected . instead they should keep the engine for drying in the closed room .
service staff are not clean the vehicle properly . sometimes dust is there in car inside they not clean the dust . when customer give the servicing for car that time staff should properly clean the vehicle . washing service should be improved .
glass did not clean after wash the car . they done other parts clean properly but glass not . other all is ok .
water servicing should be improved .
car washing services should be improved .
after serving should clean the dust and soil from the car .
they wash the car even then dust is available on the car as we are also into business we also have experienced so it does not look good if we ask them to clean again . we are noticing it but in washing area they should improve in the same .
they do not do the servicing properly even if we have already told them once , it is done only after telling the same thing twice . this problem is done in 1st service or 2nd service i am not aware about this but after telling them they solved the problem .
in car washing they should use shampoo and properly clean the car .
they should improve more on the services when the clean the vehicle , they should clean it completely .
they should ask the customer first about the work needed to done on the vehicle and they should do a proper cleaning of the vehicle .
car should be clean properly . should check once again after completion on the car work . so it will ensure that the work has been done completely or not and if we drive the car any where is should be in proper condition but they did not done their work .
after washing the car , they are park in outside so they should park to car in side delivery time staff should clean the car then give to customer .
little little water drops get remain on the vehicle should clean properly . most of the time they leaves most of the things . after cleaning they should take care of it .
not cleaning they do not was properly . they washed just few area that also they not washed properly . the washing which they do with shampoo should they do the stain should not remain . last time also we said them and then they washed it . we brought our car over their then also we get any satisfaction .
the cleanliness of the vehicle is not good , and they are not clean types properly .
the cleanliness department donot clean vehicle properly . i was having innova that time they use to give proper service . nowadays dust stays intact even after servicing . it does n't feel that car is serviced . customer goes to service center in a motive of proper cleaned vehicle . i already said that my vehicle has gone thru village roads so clean properly . they replied positively but did not worked as per my satisfaction . supervisors should check the same .
they should be clean interior during washing .
vehicle is full of dust after wash . it should be kept in packed area .
they should clean the car as they are taking money , they should clean the properly and clean the mats also .
if the cloth of door comes out then its make noise . if we stand near door the door get press . cloth of bumper , mungat and bonnet 's is very light . upper side tire is all good .
sometimes they are not clean the car bottom side and wheel alignment is not properly done so that should be improved .
there should be improvement in cleanliness also they must look into this section . after washing their should be and improvement in pricing .
the dealer point has to improve their servicing . when i enter the service center within 15 minutes a staff should attend the car . the problems of my car should be dealt with a proper technician and it should be handed over to him soon . as soon as possible the car should be delivered with all the details of servicing .
they do not clean properly even they do not do anything in bonnet . the people who does the work of checking and cleaning should do their work properly .
cleanliness should be properly done .
they do not clean the small parts when the car is given for cleaning . they clean after telling them about this . so instead of doing it after telling them it should be done by their own .
after washing the car they use 2 labor for wiping the car so due to this the car is not cleaned properly . instead they should use more labor so that it is cleaned in less time also properly . we do not see more that how it is cleaned in side but if it is cleaned shined from outside then we feel very good . this needs improvement .
car should be washed if it enters service center . neither they apply polish nor shampoo and deliver as it is .
1 . they have to wash the vehicle properly before delivering it . 2 . when we are asked regarding the washing they are saying that we had received the same order from the higher authority .
they should do improvement in cleanliness . what they says and what they explain us they do n't do that . they says that they are using of freeyum product but they do not use that . they are using local market product .
cleanliness service should be improved because they are washing the car but after they not clean the car . first they should check the vehicle it is clean or not then they should give car to customer .
cleanliness service should be improved water washing service should be providing to customer
when they keep car for sale so before they should do proper inspection
if we received the vehicle by the 7 00pm then we do not get proper clean vehicle . we pay 1500rs for cleaning but they do not clean it .
before delivery supervisor should check the vehicle it is clean or not .
they give contract to other persons for cleaning the car instead they should do it on their own . interior cleaning of the car is not done properly so this should be improved .
they are washing the car but some of parts they are not clean so they should properly clean the car also clean the glasses .
the staff of service center should performed the work properly and should clean the vehicle properly .
oil servicing is not done properly as they do not clean properly . staff who are doing oil service should wear gloves so that it would be more clean .
they should keep in mind corner glasses while cleaning . they should clean by removing seat and mateen and also should use vacuum cleaner
they should wash the body of the car more properly . this improvement is needed .
they do n't was vehicle properly . they should wash properly vehicle and give us .
focus should be little on cleaning . the dust which remain from our side while cleaning same remain from your side also this is not expect from your side .
they should clean the car 's mat properly as car 's mat always have sand after servicing
first they should clean the vehicle then give to customer
they should more need to work on cleanliness of car
1 . they are not cleaning the vehicle interior
i ca n't suggest how to improve it this is your look up you can think about it .
1 . after washing the vehicle they have to wipe the vehicle before delivering it .
after the servicing the car , they do n't do cleaning proper . they do washing but inside like blower of a c and upper side of mirror . they do n't clean which should happen .
if they give more concentration like they wash glass of vehicle from outside should wash from inside also . should clean from inside also they should check that glass is properly cleaned or not .
last time when i went there for servicing that time there were some stains on my needle and they charged me rs . 700 for its cleaning . first they must do the cleaning of the stains which occur duing servicing and later they must another cleaning and all
last time , i went to service center to stick the new mirror but they sticked the gum whole area of mirror . my car was standing over there for 3 days but their was no one to attend . we are business man we also do n't have time to stand over there . i cleaned up the mirror from the outsider local service center . we see lot of dust inside the car which should clean . so their should be an one person that who can look after cleanliness and washing of car then only they should deliver the car to customer .
while cleaning the car they should clean it completely like body wash , interior work act should be done properly .
water service should be arranged in two different sections as one should be the opening part other should be closing part . when there are more cars they do not properly do the car washing as they do it in hurry .
when i had give to the service center . they have to clean proper
they do n't clean car properly . we have to stand over their and ask them to clean . manager should after all this . they do n't do clean but they steal the new stuff of car .
they should clean the vehicle properly and should the cleaning of the vehicle properly before give it to customer .
when i did my servicing i didn \? t want my car to be washed on that particular day , because i was getting late . so i wanted it to be washed after 3 4 days when i \? ve time with me . they refused me to give a due wash slip , next time because they didn \? t have that facility with them . so they offered me a discount of rs 200 if they don \? t have to perform the wash . normally the charge of wash is rs 500 . they even told me that if i don \? t wash my car at that time then they would give me rs 200 immediately . i told them that i don \? t want the rs 200 rather i would come after 3 4 days or after a week with a due slip for the wash . so that i can be able to wash it some other day , because at that time my car didn \? t needed any washing . so i \? d to go with the rs 200 discount which i don \? t wanted .
cleaning was not done from inside . they must take care and what else . their service advisor must go and check if complete cleaning is done or no
the parts which they see they clean that part but the small small parts like mirror they do not clean .
water wash service should be improved .
i have done 2 servicing at the shilfata which is located near my home . after servicing i found very bad inside the car also i have complaint 2 3 times to improve the service . then also servicing is bad instead of doing service from them it is good to do with local service center 100 is better . i gives the car to arpana which is in thane their service quality is so good that car looks like new . whenever i open the car over here i see that so many stain remain on desk board , on glass i deep on saying to clean up properly . they should improve the cleaning quality .
washing of cars needs to improve more like it should be cleaner .
cleanliness service should be improved because some times dust are there in car .
they had clean the car properly from outside but inside under the desk little it was dusty so i tell them they cleaned up which i did n't like . there was some place not cleaned i told to dealer people they cleaned up . they should reduce the rate and should clean properly . internal cleaning should be proper , they takes charges of full cleaning . take service charge separately i think they it should be included .
cleaning staff must have some facilities . 1 year back they were doing proper cleaning but now a days cleaning is not done properly
service advisor should check the vehicle properly before give it to the customer .
cleanliness service should be improved because they are not clean the car properly .
they should clean the vehicle properly and should hand over the vehicle only when then vehicle get fully dry .
car was not cleaned properly . they should implement on the same . need to clean the car completely .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
car was not cleaned properly . the time i got my car there stains on it . roadside cleaner do better cleaning them
did not get cleaned car in last servicing only . i had told them there also . make them notice that customers are giving them feedback that cleaning is not done properly then they must do it correct , then everything will be fine
they should wash the vehicle properly and should work as per customer needs .
they should improve the cleaning process in the interior of the vehicle . they should use vacuum for cleaning . water wash is not done properly . for cleaning , they use some kind of oil spray for cleaning . so due to this oil in the dash board of mats is remained . after 2 days of cleaning dust appears on the interiors . so it should be done properly .
cleaning service should be improved because sometimes they are clean only upper side inside of car they are not clean properly so they should be properly clean all side of car .
cleanings service should be improved . sometimes they are washing but car was not properly clean .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
they should be clean and wash vehicle properly . they should clean properly upside , downside and bonnet .
when they clean the car at that time they must clean it from inside also . they must wipe with cloth inside also . boys who are kept there for cleaning should be of good quality and you must see if they are doing their work right
they should do the proper cleaning of the interior parts also .
they are not clean the car properly sometimes they are not clean the inside of car aim always say after washing properly clean the car they should be use to deiseal for car washing
they should properly clean the vehicle .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
the car belongs to who ever their technician should do proper cleaning . we complete the cleaning in front of us . we have to tell them as here is the stain there is the stain clean it . being a customer we know how to clean it then they should know better than us it will clean through which material and how .
they washing the car after servicing . my car has not cleaned from inside . earlier the advisor himself informed us about cleaning by handover the key . but this time they gave me key on counter and car was stand on gate hence i came to know while driving back to my way as there was dust in my car .
they should clean wash the vehicle properly .
sometimes staffs are not clean the outside of car so they should properly clean the vehicle .
it is only they should done all work satisfied . and the welding work has not doing properly .
the cleaning of the vehicle should be done properly .
they do not do cleaning of the vehicle properly . even if the servicing is done properly but the cleaning properly .
should work as per customer 's expectations . they are very well aware with all this things but still they are doing temporally work . they are just washing with normal water as the car is new . so they should not do like this . should provide proper service .
the cleaning is not good 2they have to do their work perfectly in cleaning the vehicle
the dealer ship is so late from the delivering the vehicle staying then in learn . they are not giving proper details of the vehicle . increasing the staff . the mechanical person was 2 members . they have to explain the customers vehicle the driving process
the cleaning is not good . 2 . there should be one person at the time of cleaning of the vehicle .
we have to paid extra money to them then only they done cleaning properly . sometimes we gave rs . 100 and sometimes rs . 200 . should not give this much charges . we have to tell them here is uncleaned or there is dust . they do not come early after informing them also . if we said will give extra money so they came immediately .
when customer said my car is washing like bonnet and engine is there . when we asked them to put a water in bonnet then they do not put the water in that and there is garbage in tires also . so they are not putting water there also . we have to tell them . other wise all work is a1 .
they have to educated the staff regarding the cleanliness .
they should wash the car properly and should do proper work .
they should wash the vehicle properly .
cleanliness service should be improved because they are not clean the car properly .
employees are getting charges again and again so new staff don \? t take care of cleanliness of vehicle . washing staff should be well trained about cleanliness maintaining of car .
they should improve in the cleaning of the car as they should do it properly .
washing of the car should be cleaner . the underbody and base part places should be covered and cleaned properly
car washing services should be improved .
we did not receive expected cleaning from center . after cleaning car does not shine . so they should improve in their cleaning products .
they should clean vehicle properly .
cleaning service should be improved because sometimes inside of car they are not clean properly so they should be properly clean all side of car .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
there labour who cleans the vehicle does not know how to return car to the customer .
they should improve the service in the internal cleaning done to the vehicle .
they should clean the vichle properly its should also do the denting painting properly
seats all was not clean properly . if we see car from outside it looks clean but from inside they don \? t clean vehicle properly .
they should update the customer the exact time and they should accept their mistake if they have any .
washing department should do work properly .
no improvement require
their washing services are not good . after washing if we check , it has problems . dealership is 150km away . after cleaning they should check inside car as well .
at night time they did not clean vehicle properly . after servicing nor a single pot should be there . nagpur service center do work good
they should improve on the water services done for cleaning the vehicles . the stains do not get completely clean .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
they are cleaning in upper side it is good but they are not clean in inside like seat cover other side so they should clean the vehicle in all side .
they should improve the work quality in cleanliness of the car . they should blow the air after cleaning as we pay for that . they should clean the spots on near the tires .
everyone need to work by sense of responsibility without asking anything to the customer then only they will improve .
before 6 months back unfortunately on the road i had a puncture in my tyre i had to call up a mechanic i . e . roadside mechanic to change my tyre but unfortunately after changing my tyre he didn \? t fix the wheel properly and the result was after moving 5 6 km the tyre came out from my wheel gauge then i had to call up each and every service people who never provide any help to me for assisting me for helping out to coming out of the situation as i ad to do it myself as i had called the toyota dealer and near by all chennai on road service people and i called my service center trivandrum no body helped me out coming out of situation as that was the worst thing for me and my wife and my children has to stand on the road for around 5 6 hours as they know how to sale the vehicle properly and they know how to take the money while providing service . as last service i took to them they changed my break shoe engine oil every thing and they charged me 16000rupees for just a service and they never checked that my entire mat was entirely blackened by shoe greece when i drove the vehicle home and then i saw that the back seat was such a disgusting thing whom to complain and what shall i tell as i have taken the photo of that of door mat been spoiled by greece and shoe mall as i had recommended to my friend for the crista he has also experienced the same experience while having the tentatic work . the service which is provided should be more active and more cautious about when they deal with customers skills that too with high end vehicle whether it is crista or fortuner or whatever may be they should be little careful about it . in my case the rare wheel came out of the left side tire base and that time i pleaded them please and somebody to take my vehicle to nearer work shop or service center then they said that your service is out of warrantee so i said that i will pay for that no problem i will pay for it please help me out but no body helped me out they have not given me any excellent service i myself had to take my vehicle to 5000 to10000km to their service center then they made it ready then i took off . as they charge very huge amount while servicing as i have to pay for every servicing as they don \? t provide any free charges for any part of the time . my house is around 8 10kmfar from dealership location when i take my vehicle to the service center they tell me to arrange my own transport to go back to home or else they will take my vehicle and drop me and then they take it and god knows after leaving me this man takes the vehicle where i don \? t know which i cant access that so that system is very wrong as dropping the customer in his own vehicle and then the man takes the vehicle where all he will take we don \? t know they should arrange something for the customer as per the require as they should provide the vehicle or the umbrella for standing outside and waiting for the auto rickshaw or any other vehicle as i had to search the vehicle in the hot sun . after 6 . 30 they are closing the service center so they should extend till 9 . 30 pm since they are opening in the 9 . 30 am or 10 am in the morning so if after the office hours we have to take the vehicle means it is very inconvenient . as the parts are very costly follow up call as they call me but if my phone switched off or else i didn \? t receive they not call back .
they should do cleaning properly so that customer will be happy .
they not supposed to touch my system so they not should open my wiring of my vehicle . they not even clean my vehicle i told anything because i was in hurry . they said for cleaning you take car tomorrow so only for cleaning we can \? t wait till next day .
washing service should be improved because sometimes they are not clean in ground position of vehicle .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
car 's cleaning is not done properly . they did not clean properly inside dashboard . they said will charge extra for it means for internal cleaning . they should done their work with responsibly and management should check whether the work has been done or not .
worker should clean vehicle properly after service or their hands should be clean while servicing . they touch hands wherever they want on our vehicle . then they charge 650 rs for cleaning .
they are not clean the car in all side so they should properly clean the car delivery time they should check the vehicle it is clean or not .
they should not take extra charges .
washing of vehicle should be proper . after servicing they touch seats and grease stain was as it is on seats of my car so it should be clean well .
they should have good engineers and technology to service the car . they should appoint skilled labor for washing . they should concentrate on the cleaning of the vehicle and they should check the vehicle properly before give it to the customer .
after service when we get our car back they should have focus on work . in last service i have done polish on my car but white spots were as it was on car . after cleaning also , they put many spots of water same on vehicle . they should be proper in this .
my innova car have many crashes on them and color of car is faded so i complaint to them and this happened 3 times with me .
faced difficultied 2 times they do n't do clear wash . the should do clean vehicle from inside properly . staff should take care of it that work should go smoothly .
for cleaning they takes long time . cleaning should be well even the plastice over the glass also clean properly . they should polish properly so it shine properly .
they are not clean the car properly sometimes they are wash in upper side so that should be improved properly clean the car .
all cleaning the car they are not setting the speaker properly some of glass was not cleaning so they should improved in cleanness service .
they should clean our vehicle properly from inside . they should remove mud from inside of vehicle . stain on sides and dashboard should be clean properly .
service is not doing properly . service advisors are not proper . if we giving our vehicle for service , they should do proper servicing on our car . if we ask to solve any issue while serving they ask to come us next time for that issue . dealership is 70 kilometres far from our city so we are not free to visit again again for servicing of car . quality service is not getting by toyota .
they should improve on the cleanliness . we need to give money to the staff ask them to wipe the car clean which is wrong . when we go to take the car it should be clean . after the car serviced completely they should give a call for taking the car . we do not see what kind of services they have done but if it looks good form outside then we think that it is cleaned from inside as well .
i was told them antina is not proper but they did not repair it . they are not doing cleaning but telling us it had done .
thy did not clean it from inside and they did not have spare parts also .
they only do cleaning but they don \? t do any servicing in car . even after service we get our car in same condition . they just take money and do cheating with us . toyota customers don \? t have any other option so infinium dealership staff doing cheating with customers . if we give vehicle for service , they change parts of our vehicle like they change wipers and put old wipers in our car . all staff are thief at this dealership . proper engineer is not there at this service . proper advisors are not there in this dealership .
they should check car properly before give it to the customer .
cleanliness of car should be proper from inside of car . 3 doors of my car was making noise so i complaint them about this but they did not even repair that . door was not getting locked properly . they said bring your car next time we will solve this in free of cost in next visit . their staff should be informed that if any vehicle comes for washing they should wash that car properly . engine was dusty so they said we cannot wash engine . they should wash vehicle 100 percent from inside as well as outside .
the condition of service center should neat clean .
cleaning service should be improved because they are not clean the inside of car .
there was delay in washing . doing to much late in the same .
they should improve in the water services given by them .
we asked them for wash but there was a spiders web in my car dickey and they did not clean it . they have all machines but not taking care of this . they should check the car first before delivery .
they should check the car properly before giving it to the customer .
they should be take care for the servicing the car because they are not cleaning the vehicle properly .
they are doing proper cleaning inside . previously i have ford car their washing service are good . they are doing proper cleaning inside also and polish . but toyota people just hitting water not washing clearly . they should wash it inside as well as from outside like new car . they should provide service like ford and maruti .
they don \? t do anything in servicing they just wash our car and return us car . they don \? t clean our car properly . they should do proper cleaning and washing of vehicle .
they are not cleaning the car properly so that service should be improved .
they should improve on the cleaning part as it should look good when we see it after servicing .
while returning to car they commit us time to receive car . sometime it may happen that they give us time at 4 . 00 pm but our servicing gets done at 12 . 00 pm so they should at that time we have to check dust and cleanliness again on our car . our car should be clean on time period given to us .
i took my care for servicing but they did n't clean the car . if they had change only parts then they should check and should pay attention . they should do basic cleaning properly .
they are not clean the glass , car body , interior , kit , dashboard so that should be properly clean the vehicle .
they should proper wash the car and they were doing the work on car which customer told them .
no improvement require . all are fine
when i gave my vehicle to the service center that time it was fine but after doing servicing vehicle was little pressed even they were not accepting . staff told me sorry even they repair it . if the delivery staff do something wrong then they should accept it . in the which condition customer gives their vehicle should provide like that only after repairing .
they have to improve the cleanliness like water washing and interior parts 2 \) if they do the correct water washing we are cover that washing for one month
no improvement require all are fine
they should look properly . should not do work in hurry if we are giving time you should utilize properly and complete work as soon as possible . supervisor should change the old staff because the person will do their duty and its supervisor duty to check . if we are giving for servicing then they should properly check before giving . they do work in hurry . they should use shampoo to clean even for polish .
no improvement require all are fine
water wash service is not much good . cleaning was not completely , i came to know this after changing my battery . the water remains in some parts like battery etc .
having some problem with car washing . they are taking long time for car washing . car should be proper clean while returning it other wise customer will not going to visit again .
they have to see themselves that what they can do the cleaning because cleaning of company is not up to the mark . i have maruti car they do cleaning very properly . maybe toyota not following proper way to clean car . there were some issues on dashboard cleaning .
they does not clean and wash properly . should do all the things properly .
they are using the same cloth to clean the all parts of the vehicle
for water wash there is only 1 person so it is not done properly so instead if there would be 4 people then maybe they can do it properly . charges for the same are high .
they should take more care in washing , because there is no equipment \? s available with the technician the man power is also less . they should maintain cleanliness .
if we give any complaint , they have to rectify the problem and check the parts regarding that complaint
washing is need to improve . they don \? t clean car properly from downside neither from inside . washing is need to improve . they don \? t clean car properly from downside neither from inside . even after washing body of car remains same . they don \? t clean properly .
general cleaning vacuum cleaner should be properly clean the car .
should get the same service which i got before 2 times .
they do not do the servicing on the part where the customers have given the complaint
they should clean the car properly .
they should do improvement in the cleaning part . they should clean the interiors properly . we leave the car for cleaning those parts where we are not able to clean so they should clean it properly .
after proper cleaning the car then they should call to customer take for the delivery car because sometimes they are not cleaning the car door side not proper clean the car .
i any person visit from long distance then they should clean properly . . if you will provide them they they will clean properly .
they should clean it properly
cleaning service is not good so that should be improved
service administer should inform the customers about the cars status . the service should be done same from inside as they do from outside . there should be 100 improvement .
they should check about all the complaints like tire lights etc . i had given complaint about oiling regularly but after 2 to 3 complaints . if we ask they say it is like this only .
cleanliness service should be improved because sometimes they are not clean the car .
they have to clean the seats and bumper properly .
after washing they don \? t clean the car properly , they don \? t polish the car comparing from outside the charges are high in the toyota kirloskar because of which the customers also face problem we think it is better to give car servicing in outside instead of showroom . there is no fault in the car , car is good no issues the only thing is that they should provide good service
staff should be increased there is minimum staff and work should be done slowly that will be good .
last time i told them about cleanliness , they told it \? s a complimentary service so cleaning facility is not there , so they are washing but quality was not good . they should clean it properly .
there should be some sort of awareness within staff . staff should be increased . car should be cleaned properly .
once my car was accident after even year work which they did color was dim so they solve it color problem but i think that color not should fade but color was faded again . if we are applying by brand service center then color not should be fade .
they should clean the car properly provide after servicing . they should check all the brake systems properly clean the dust from the car and give . after checking car completely , tell us what is lacking bay . the engine should be cleaned from the inside .
interior washing is not good . they have to improve the cleanliness after the servicing and even at the vehicle door side , if they improve this customers need not to clean again .
no improvement require all are fine
no improvement require
i think they dong fast for cleaning car , if possibility of work load that reasons . i saw some like dust in last of last service , they should be clean perfectly .
they are not giving importance to cleanliness , they have to give more importance because customers want their vehicle very cleanly . they have to do improvement on that . otherwise they are giving very good . workers are very well .
no improvement require all are fine
washing process of the car was not proper so it should be improved .
they cleaned properly the vehicle when we took there for routing check if we again give for the servicing that time some grease stains they not clean so they should be clean properly .
location is very far for me . it should be at ghodbander \( thane \) road .
when i purchased car it was company problem in steering voice but i have not received my car return till now . i asked them to replace parts but i still did not get that .
should do improvement on the water wash of the car . i am not satisfied with the service of the water wash of done by them . they should do a to z cleaning while doing water wash .
they have to improve the cleanliness of vehicle after servicing .
they should give more attention at internal cleaning . they should do little little work as well , should not wait for customers .
they must have all equipment 's with them . for cleaning should we get things from our home \?
washing rates are too high that should be reduced . otherwise since this was my first visit so cannot say much
they should clean the vehicle inside properly minor washing should be quickly .
they should maintain the service timing because the customers need to wait there for at least 1 hour for delivery of the car they didn \? t provide the car immediately , they should improve in painting technical .
services center should be clean .
supervisor should be properly monitoring the washing service .
i have only problem for washing only . i send again my car for washing .
there are some disqualified people so in all showrooms we receive same service from washing because washing is not ok . they should appoint some advisors who can check car after washing and then they deliver car to customers . it will be more convenient because car which runs in city it won \? t be so dusty but in village there is so much dust and watery roads so we face this problem a lot .
gurgaon waiting area is not much spacious and if we talk about location then i stay in dwarka so for me it is very far . the cleaning people 's behavior is not good
i will not go there for car cleaning next time . if any specific cleaning is mentioned for cleaning of car then they should know how to clean it .
madhuban toyota has a good servicing . they clean and polish the car properly . this feature is lacking in wasan toyota
they should wash the car properly and should also clean the wheel properly .
they should take care while washing cleaning . regular cleaning is done by our driver but we go for regular service so that it should look good and interval should be clean .
they should properly wash the car that \? s it .
focus should be there on finishing . when we give car for finishing they should give us back after full servicing . even the small requirements of customers should be attended . there services are good . the focus is completely on major works . but when it comes for presentation , every service center lacks behind . last time they did not cleaned the ac vents correctly . . due to this i faced many problems .
they are take charge for washing service but they are not properly clean the car so that service should be improved .
no improvement require all are fine
water wash should be clean dirt should not be displayed
cleaning service is not good . it should be improved . may be because of hurry they are not doing the same . it should be great if they should take care while cleaning washing .
cleaning and all like should be done after washing actually it is not happening exactly . we are not getting cleaning as we want after washing . they are not doing proper washing for glasses so they should done it properly . when we are returning with our car that time we came to know that they did not done cleaning properly . they just normally cleaned it . they should improve on this . should check the washing and all .
delhi is better in quality of cleaning . they must polish the dash board so that car get a feeling of new . when you come for servicing and pay 10000 rupees for servicing then they must pay special attention . even if you do workshop then it would be your responsibility , you must take care of it and they must feel good about this servicing . like you are taking a new car .
they should be more clean and tidy .
when they are doing cleaning so they should do cleaning in deep . interior cleaning should be good .
washing service should be improved .
they should clean the vehicle properly . they do not wash or polish the car , bumper , dashboard properly properly . do not clean the mud should apply polish on the tire .
cleaning should be improved more .
they should properly clean the car after servicing .
amount charges related i have not much issue , post servicing the car and when we come to home the car seems not cleaned properly i . e . the car water service . i mean that the water wash service is free of cost hence i think that they are not servicing this water service properly other than that the service are good only . thus need improvement on water wash services .
they should clean the vehicle properly and should vacuum in a proper way .
water servicing section should be improved under body part of vehicle should also be properly cleaned
in your workshop one metal piece was fall down on my car from the building where construction work was going on . service advisor also was present there . that piece was fall down directly on bonnet . any person can lost his life also . out side of the car there was an exterior problem they should take care of it .
staff should be increased and after entering inside they should proper clean the car .
they are taking charges of car delivery but other companies are not taking charges for it , they should clean the mirrors properly .
they should clean the car properly .
after cleaning they should put paper inside lower side of the car
vehicle cleaning service is not good . even after cleaning inside car under the sear rubber area was having so much stain . they should take care of this and clean vehicle properly .
they should clean the vehicle from inside also including the sides of windows .
they didn \? t had vacuum cleaner , so the dust inside the car was uncleaned . so they didn \? t wash the car cleanly . they should use shampoo or something also they should use vacuum cleaner to clean the dust
in washing area they should do improvement in lift area otherwise rest everything is good .
car water service should be improved
they should not take much time and also should attend the customer and they should ask for tea or coffee in the waiting area .
they should do proper washing of the car
in 60mins service procedure they do all things like cleaning the car , repairing or servicing the car but one thing is skipped that is delivery check process . because in my second servicing i feel that delivery check procedure is not done .
should clean the interior of inside the car properly
they don \? t do proper cleaning they should check once returning car back to the customers . they themselves should check where is the problem in car . gate is not washed properly . washing is not done properly . they should open the bonnet and wash it
vacuum cleaning process should be properly done .
they should improve on every side when they deliver car they should clean car before delivery . car should be maintaining well . internal cleaning is not proper at this dealership .
car should properly clean after the servicing .
they should do external cleanliness properly . some times we found the dust after the servicing so they should clean the vehicle properly .
worker 's should be permanent .
staff should be understanding were it is dirty in the car and customer not necessary to told the staff , and staff should be trained to mechanical to new car
they should clean the car and then give the delivery .
at dealership there were not properly clean , hence there were cleaning properly
in rating season we are not able to drive the cars , the glasses of cars are full of muel drive rainy season , the staff not giving proper response it they give proper response then it will better for us .
no improvement require
after doing car service they done water servicing also so theory should done this at the time of car servicing .
they were not properly cleaned the vehicle under water bodies . they should clean it properly .
advanced cleanliness should be done . after car service cleanliness is good then after 2 week cleanliness is changes . if it is solved then will be good .
service mechanic was used some chemicals in spare parts . when i used my car after servicing that chemical smell were came in whole car that smell was not tolerable . again i visit the service center tell them about my issue they were resolve it . actually when they delivered my car after servicing that time at least they were inform the customer .
interior cleaning should be done properly .
they are not cleaning car properly inside the car dust is their when we complete about it in clean it
after completing the service , while taking the car it should be more clean .
some parts of car need to be carefull . i went for destiny and painting of car body but near bonnet some parts was pending too work space which under door it was not clear properly
last time servicing of my car was not good . i am not satisfied , because they were not properly clean polished my car . they must be properly clean polish car of regular customers . i am always satisfied form their service but this time i am not satisfied
they should increase staff because at the time of servicing lots of rush is our there staff are less .
in service center not properly wash the car , we need to told where it is washed . they should be washed down side of the car also .
they are cleaning car properly . they are not cleaning seat belt not doing interior servicing properly all dust remain as it is . customer have to explain everything about servicing .
there should be improvement in car cleaning . i face problem 2 times . i told them , then also i do n't get satisfaction . they should attend customers complaints nicely . staff should work with responsibly understanding .
workshop should be better in condition their should be space . they should take limited cars . they should give car on committed time . they should clean car properly .
while they are cleaning the car they are not dried water , the cleaning department should be active , and one day they are washed 20 to 30 cars , that 's why , they are not properly drying the water . one person should be washed less cars , then he should cleaned properly .
customer should be satisfied with the cleaning
customer should wash the car properly give it to us . inside dust is like that only . when we say then only they clean it .
they have to clean the vehicle properly after servicing .
cleanliness as water wash service was not done properly . request you to improve the service .
the advice should personally check the condition of the car the cleaning is done properly or not .
no improvement require
after service they should clean properly give it to us .
if they kept the car after cleanliness but when customer came there to bring car . they should clean the car second time .
there not doing cleaning correctly . there not cleaning dash board there is dust on it they should clean car properly .
they have to do proper cleanliness after servicing .
they are not cleaning the vehicle properly inside and out side
they should a to z water wash , interior work and glass work properly
car should wash with water .
after servicing they should check the car they need to give attention for this improved it .
when we visit the service centre for cleaning the car that time they lave to attend properly do the work .
my car servicing after outside interior not cleaning properly and washing also not proper . it should be cleaning properly .
they should need more supervision , because some of the small incident happening that means regarding the clean lines some hurry burry work was there . some portion of the inside the vehicle is no touching . so they should provide proper supervision to the cleaning staff .
the condition and cleanliness of vehicle when you received after servicing , car washing need to be improve . we do n't know how they will improve . staff is doing heard work from beginning of the day . we are unable to wash our car , for money they are doing very well but we are also paid 500 for car washing . so we want to get full service . i think they should increase staff so it will be good .
cleanliness should be improve . engineer should be clean it . some parts like washing , painting or portion their is some dust on that . so they should concentrate on it some services center they give high service . they should give high service here also . last time i had to went again for the service . their is not good cleaning .
cleaning polishing should be better . car cleaning polishing should be much do better . they are only washing the car but not cleaning dust on it . they need to clean car from inside also .
there is not washing service available in nearest toyota service center for washing the car we are going extra 30 to 40km far which was not so convenient .
after servicing the car they should deliver the car in clean condition .
servicing car should be properly neat clean .
after servicing the car they are not properly cleaning it . it should be washed cleanly and properly they are not properly cleaning my car , hence i am not happy .
they deliver car sometimes in unclean condition . if they need time one day extra to deliver car in clean condition then they must take one day . but they should n't deliver car in unclean condition . maximum time in their center , link got failure . they should improve this .
service provide low a person knowledge were dirtiness is happened . customers should look out the first cleaning . cleaning should be do with proper manner
after service they should be clean the car to use wet cloths . if they should be clean glass with wet cloths m 's gives me good feeling . i know we not doing paid wash but if they clean properly not only water but also wet cloths . so i feel happy .
supervisor should be check the car after the delivery . they should be check . car was proper clean or not then they deliver the car .
they charge rs 800 900 . for car cleaning so they should clean it properly . they should clean 7stain on glass properly
they should take care of cleaness of the car
the condition and cleanliness the washing is so bad , their washing was not properly done . they note it down on copy but not put in computer system . they have no improve their machanics .
they should be dry clean properly in a car always i has to dry clean . my car form outside they should be doing good dry cleaning
there are not cleaning car properly . they should give car after proper checking and cleaning after servicing .
they should be cleaned our car after servicing .
vehicle not clean properly on that condition they return back to the customs they are not check the car completely . service centre person should take the authority to check the car before hand over the customer . after that they can handover the car
during my last servicing they were not properly wash my car . there soil and water were after washing car still in the car . i was made complaints about it more than 2 3 times but they did not take any actions against it .
they should a to z water wash and glass work properly
when customers are giving car for servicing they should check car properly . when i had given car for servicing in nova crista there is no touch point . but after servicing there was a touch point . they should tell customers to cheque . there car 7 they also check the car
there are not doing cleaning properly . at the time of servicing look after about cleaning of car . they should do there work properly .
there should be one advisor who check the car after servicing , they should check that the car properly clean or not .
vacuum facilities and clearing and washing is not good means out of 100 only 90 we car give the mark . eg some dots on the glass , some dust particle inside the vehicle , washing is not upto the mark as it is not fully washed .
i given the amount for dry cleaning 1500 but they not dry clean properly they not wash the car also .
company should make arrangements for car . they are not putting diesel , then how it will work . if they are taking money from us then at list they should provide good service . by these customers complaints will not come . if there is diesel in the car then they should not use it . if it is necessary that they have to empty the diesel , then they can put that diesel in some bag or polishing and inform us . if they will not do this then it is a loss of us . this is my fault or there fault . now they have to inform me that your diesel is filtered . they have to inform me how many things they had fixed in car and your toyota workers are telling there is no other company who is putting things in car and taking the money . so they have to inform customers which things they had fixed in car . this should be improved .
they are not clean the car properly . they should take more time clean the car .
cleanness is not good at service centers . they have to open a new service center for washing purpose . they are taking more time in delivery the vehicle
they do n't clean properly inside the bonnet and underside of the vehicle .
washing not properly done . they should wash it properly . till we not tell them to wash properly they just say yes yes but they washed the car as they to wash .
they should be clean the car properly .
they are not doing the water washing properly . they are not cleaning the vehicle properly inside and out side
there was dust at the down parts of the car after servicing there was one scratch on car door . so we can clean out car at home . car capacity is 10 , 000 km then they should tell me to before only . if they want to change break pad .
when we give our car for journal check up that time they should remove scratches and also tied the parts which are loose . they should be more take care about it they should be take care about car accessories . they should be more take care about journal check up . they give our car to accurate fitting .
while cleaning the car which the liquid they use , its not remove properly , it remains like that only . they are working carelessly . it should be looking properly and cleaning properly .
in my car minor problem is there they should take more care of my car
they have to clean the vehicle properly .
they do n't wash the vehicle properly , cleaning is ok . but water washing is not ok . they clean the interior which is good but the interior part they do n't clean it as dust is found after washing means patches of dust and also they should not park the vehicle very close after the servicing so that the person who open the door they will not take car of the other car standing beside
if we will giving water servicing the car , then they our car as it is only . it should be clearing properly .
cleaning and washing should be done more perfectly like interior cleaning of the car and polishing should done more .
servicing car they are not properly cleaning , it should be cleaning properly
they should take care of cleaning they should give car after properly cleaning . they should clean the dust also .
i am observed 3 to 4 times , they are not cleaning my car properly . cars out side parts interior they should be cleaned properly .
interior part of the vehicle was ok but the interior part was not cleaned properly and they had missed the right side door cleaning where some dirt were left over .
they are not properly wash the car , water remaining on the car glasses . after i am own cleaning my car at home . there should be washing the car properly
while servicing the car , it should be clearing the car properly .
which small small things have in servicing which i tell them , they should take care about on it . what have requirements they should listen completely . what i tell them also they should not take more charges . they should clean the car on downside . they should paint the car instead of that they take extra money for small small things they take huge charges . so , it should be not happen .
they should be little bit improve in cleaning service
in karnal service center first they use to clean the car very will . they should also clean the car neatly .
during my last car servicing they were not properly cleaned my car after servicing there was greens on my car which i saw on next day i tried clean it but did n't remove . i did n't had time to go back in service center . during the servicing my car 's reverse camera screen were missing . i made complain against it in their feedback call but they did n't take action against it . they should be take of car it 's parts during servicing .
i had deliver the vehicle for a c problem . then they serviced for the problem but they had not connected the wires of a c properly so all are getting problem for that issue
after servicing our car it should be washing and cleaning properly .
car must be cleaned properly
servicing car should be cleaning properly . you should be think how it is cleaning , you also taken rules and regulation . and also should be change the washing machine .
there washing facility are all good , but their staffs are not doing properly work . our servicing car not cleaning properly . the staffs were should be doing all works properly .
car was n't cleaned properly . last time on service they had n't cleaned it properly have to tell them for cleaning . bumper , back side tire car 's body have not cleaned properly . every parts of the car must be washed .
they are not washing our cars , we told the manager they also not response to us . there should be clean and wash our cars .
after washing our car it is wiped properly .
in cleaning their should be improvement . in one time only they have to clean it properly
the condition and cleanness when taking the car . additional work should be in car , car should be clear properly .
they people are not washing the car properly they should wash the car properly .
while delivering it must be wiped cleaned properly but they does that after requesting only so it takes more time for delivery .
proper cleaning must done . how much money they are charged for that they do person cleaning
after servicing our car they are not cleanning our cars seat , glass and also out side parts . it should be cleaned and washed properly .
car must be clean properly should not take more time .
after servicing the car whatever they are written . they have to check all service is done or not . they are not washing the time after visiting the service center .
they are done the checking completely . in a car oil level and also air tier have or not they also not check it
they are not cleaning or water washing service interiorly and superiorly
they should be do polish on the car . when the bring the car outside we have to say to them that polish my car after we till them then only they do the polish .
in the last servicing they did not paid the attention on cleanliness . they did not done the cleanness . this should be improved and customers should not feel that the cleanness is not done properly .
in paid service they should be provide interior or external both service . if black spot has in seat they should be clean it . it 's not take much time . for this they take a extra charges and also they take extra charges for painting .
they should check the car and then do the servicing then should be improvement needed in servicing staff should be good and not neglect the work .
they must finally check the car once before deliver and finishing time must be cleared .
worker should be clean properly .
working servicing time is time taken it should be look after to reduce timming
many they not done the washing bill alignment machine was damage any time this machine was not in working condition washing machine also damage they should told us what are have in washing they had to clean sheet or roof it should be take care what happening close monetary engineer should be have monetary to understand about business point of view their flow or not .
while cleaning the vehicle they should be take care give more attention also recheck before handover to customer rhere is no any water in car or any oil orgrees in car etc .
they have to clean the car properly . inside the car vacuum cleaning properly do .
vechicles should be cleaned properly , when they cleaning properly in inside then they are not cleaning outside . if they cleaning outside properly , then they are not cleaning inside . it should be improved .
there are not properly clean the car . horribly they are doing every time . some 2 customers are there that person teaching to them how to clean the car .
when they gave me the vehicle , they did n't vacuum it . that is why i am not happy with that . but then they told me that within 10 15 mints they are vacuuming it and give it to me . so next time they should not forget to vacuum the car .
they must be improved the cleaning of car . toyota staff must be trained properly . they should be open service center to trained the staff
proper cleaning should be done . last time they not clean dust . in other dealership they polished the car give it but they had not done it . rectify cleaning should be done . cleaning should be good .
they have to give proper explanation about all the service . they have to guide us how to drive how problem will comes that explanation need to be given to the customer on every service .
allotment should be more improvement , at servicing time the executive should be there , and after servicing the car the executive should be checking the car also , they are properly cleaned or not . they should be cleaning the car at door side of the car .
they should be cleaning the interior properly , from 8 years onwards , there is cleaning problem . it should be improved
when they clean the car that time service center persons are sometimes clean the car with dirty cloth . on that car looks very dirty . when they serviced that time we have to tell them to do this that work .
they have to improve the cleanliness of the vehicle some what better than present servicing .
after servicing the car they should check it again .
car must be clean properly
service center workers must be guided . whenever visit the car they have to check the car with a proper manner properly wash the car .
when the car servicing time they should clean the car properly .
car must be cleaned properly . they should be clean car engine also
some charges are very high front very per is of rs . 3500 that is very costly they are not washing the car properly .
every time they were not properly washing the car after servicing the car every time there was need to be told them telling the done it properly but every customer was told them to make the proper washing they should be give attention while washing the car there should be no any need of customer remind the service advisor to washing car properly .
cleanliness should be proper which stain has to the water it should be clean
for servicing the car there should be no dust on it .
they should clean car inside outside properly . we have to toll them to clean car here there .
washing cleanliness should be do properly .
from inside they do n't do the cleanliness properly .
car minor should be clean it properly .
they are not doing cleaning properly . they are not doing service on committed time .
they should be neat and clean our servicing car .
car washing should be do properly . they take 800 to 1000rs but they should clean the car from outside also .
they told they wash car but when it saw is not like that they wash car properly
cleaning should be done properly .
there should be improve in cleaniless .
they should improve the services . they are not doing alignment and speed balance properly . they said they don \? t have time . they should improve water service and other service .
after servicing the car they are not cleaning properly . when we are saying to the staff then they are told us , sir , we are properly cleaning your car but they are not cleaning properly inside the car .
after giving payment receiving car when we drive the car then only we come to know that servicing is done properly or not . this is your responsibility that give customer proper service . they should do trial of car that it have problem or not . because one time after servicing when i drive car suddenely there was noise started in my car . your services center is far away so i visit nearest service center then i come to know that they not insurt pipe in bonet . so this type of problem do not happened . if i go for long drive then my engine would be failed .
servicing car should be clean properly , our cars which sides dust or dirt stickked , then it should be cleaning properly
i am given the car from service center persons they should be improve the cleanliness part . in interior part they not clean properly must be clean properly from outdoor also . since my east two service they are not clean my car properly . i am not satisfied for cleaning part .
they should focus on delivery time clean of vehicle . uttam toyota told us that the new vehicle intruded like innova crista . company not allows washing the engine of vehicle . if they don \? t wash engine then they should clean car properly but they are not cleaning car properly . we found lot of dust on car after servicing . my car run 16000 km i completed my 3 servicing if i see engine it feel like car is very old . they should clean car properly after cleaning they should deliver car on committed time .
they should be clean properly and inside the car also . where we seat there also should be clean properly .
washing boys his supervise is there they should need goo training .
car cleanliness should be done properly . we should tell them to do the service then only they will do it .
good staff should be their for washing the car . and one person should be their to check the car washing as done properly or not . then only they should handover the car to the customer .
they should clean the car properly . they should clean the car from down side also senior should check the car whether it is clean properly or not then only give it to customers
car condition cleanleness was very poor . water was also not done properly . they have to do clean wash on door , glass under seats they have to clean a z water wash .
before my last servicing i was made complaint about my car 's interior exterior cleanness . but after my last servicing that time also they were not properly cleaned my car . so , they should be properly clean the greens properly clean the battery during cleanliness they should take special or more care of car .
if they servicing the car they should check the quality of the car .
their cleaning is not good , some time they doing good and some times not . cleanliness should be there , condition is good . if cleaning departments peoples were changed it will be better .
they are not clearing our car properly . my new car also not clearing properly , they should be cleaned properly .
they should be clean properly after servicing the car they do n't careless while cleaning the vehicle after servicing .
when we park car over there . there was dust accumulate on car at the time of taking car they are not clean the car . they should at least use one cloth clean the car .
they are not clean wash car properly . at the time of polishing they put polish on mirror also so that time of evening . we ca n't see anything so they should use some material so it should clean .
they should be properly cleaning of our car service charges should be taken before also it should be less .
there should be improvement for car washing . washing has to be done . it is such a big company that there is a single area for washing and giving one to two increasing . then the washing will be good and the time will be saved too . there is only one dealership in dehradun . washing has to be heaved weight .
after completion for service they must totally check once again . sometimes water wash is not good .
car should be clean properly they tells us it is not required .
if they work faster then they do n't clean the vehicle from inside . they should clean inside interior properly . washing cleaning need to be done nicely after the servicing of car . it happened with me one two times . when i went to receive car that time they cleaned my car in front of me .
customers not answer how to improve , vehicle condition and cleaning
they should wash car properly .
they are not cleaning the car properly . they not clean dust board , carpet a tire was not clean . they not polish the car . they only wash with water . they should dry the carpet so it will never spoil . if it is like that then it will damage early . so they should clean properly .
they should check car properly at the time of servicing . they should deliver car on correct time .
car should be clean properly . if they take 15 , 000 for servicing , so they should do good quality of servicing complete it . at last time he told them to clean it . they waste our time that they should complete such kind of work before it . they should not clean the car front of customer they should be done before it . in front of customer only billing parts should be remaining .
they have to improve the cleanliness and also the interior parts . 2 \) they have to explain the problem clearly and there should replacement process for the parts .
they have to increase the staff
they should clean interior part of car
they should be improved in washing . they use only water . they should be clean properly .
cars interior stucking too much dirt . it should be cleaning properly . we think they are properly doing all work .
cleaning is not proper . when i opened the door it was very dust and sand , so cleaning must be improved .
car servicing and cleanliness should be done properly .
during my free service that time , they were not properly clean my vehicle . they should be clean properly the car it customer weather under free service or not .
they should give attention to cleaning of car . they should clean car from inside outside . denting painting should be good . if they had done denting then there is no patch on car . if anyone see car they should done painting properly .
after servicing should be clean our cars .
after servicing the car we absorber they not clean the car properly like car mirror , door handle , desk board they not clean it properly .
when washing our car they should do properly cleaning also from inside of the car , they should pay attention while cleaning the car .
no improvement require
after servicing workers should dry clean the car properly .
i would like my leather seats to be much more clean because they had marks when i received it even after the servicing they must clean it .
at the time of servicing the car is not washed properly it should be improved . they should keep cleanness . customers should be satisfied .
when we visit service center for servicing the car they wash from down side then they start servicing after servicing they wash the car from upper side . so they should wash from down side inside also . they should use one cloth clean it . they should polish car from down side also .
they should not properly do by water service also it is very dirty service . i complained them my cars dicky not cleaned properly , but they are not improved . they are taken service charges rs 5000 but work not properly done by the customers .
they not washing the car properly they should take more time wash the car properly they wash car very fast finished there wore they should clean properly .
they are not giving proper attention at the time of outside inside not clean properly .
after servicng our car , they are not properly cleaning it , they are returned to as it is . it should be corrected . .
the executive should be attention the staff he wash the cars . they doing works properly or not
in servicing time car should be cleaning properly and on the glass should not remain the dark spot
washing area should be develop , there should be plants .
they should clean car properly . they should call for feedback immediately after servicing . they should call after 1 or 2 days because we come to know car position .
after servicing of car which they doing final touch up . it should be done littlie bit slowly because upper side of mirror remain water makes
after servicing my car had remaining soil , some parts of my car has not cleaning properly , my car has remained spot of soil , they should be see the car after servicing it is cleaned or not . if customer told them , our car not properly cleaned then they told our come again , but customer had not time visit to service center again and again .
they are not properly cleaning our car i had told to them my car dry clean car roof cleaned properly but they are not doing it properly . if they are getting charges , then they should be work properly .
at bijapura service centre not good , there is not cleaning also very dust and workers are not doing fast work . . at hubbali service centre , there very good service also staffs are good . hubbalis staffs replaced to bijapura service centre .
it should be cleaned inside of the car also .
machine service is good but they are not did water service . in body engine they are not did properly on water service . if we deliver the car in dealership same condition we are rehire back we have to went again for service persons to inform that they must be clean car properly .
service should be good , our servicing car should be returned to committed time they are not taken up to month , also cars interial should be properly cleaning .
they do n't clean the car properly . they do n't use the cloth properly for cleanliness . they should clean the car completely .
when they doing cars balancing will then some times scratched our car . that is why when they are doing this work then they are taken care .
they should be wash the car properly .
1 \) they went to pick the car at \? 5pm \? but they did the water service at \? 11am . so it again dirty they are not cleaning properly they are not clean the glass properly they used the same cloth for all the car glass . they are not doing the oil clean all the glass . if they doing properly then it will be good . \? 2 \) if dealership location comes nearby thiruvalluvar then it will be good . lanson was at koyambedu it is in outer then it will be good
they should clean car properly . there is a work load then also they should clean car properly .
they are not doing water service properly . tire bottom and down platform was not clean properly . after the water wash they need to apply grease then all required parts . if they do these the car will be work properly and we can also long drive . they are not doing water service but they are cleaning the car by small clothes .
car cleanliness should be proper . at my last servicing for washing they had not done it proper .
car technically should be check . after car servicing the technically from inside one 's again it should be check .
at service center more cars are taken away for servicing hence labor should be increased then it should be good . water servicing should be clean it should be better .
after clean the car must delivered to customers and advisor must check the mat inside or outside there clean properly or not after that it should be delivered .
if in car any marks bad things remains we want to tell them they should servicing properly . when car come out after the servicing the after one person should be their servicing done properly or not . after then only they should give the car to the customer . that reason customer ca n't complete after the servicing .
they should clean car properly
they should strictly behave with staff . so they will do there work properly .
car should clean properly they should vacuum the car from inside . they should not go inside the car by warning the shoes .
service should be improved . how it is improved , i told them , but i had not enough time .
every thing is ok but there is problem in cleaning . they are not clean car from down side like rainy time tayers and down side there is full of dust so they should wash properly .
after servicing our car they should be looked after its properly cleaned or not
the labor worker of service center work properly when there is a executive they work properly because they have to gain 10 out of 10 marks from customer , if the executive is not available then they just do improperly work and handover the car to the customer . they don \? t clear the car .
more concentration should be there for condition and cleanliness of vehicle .
my appointment was at 2 pm i rich there 2 . 30 pm because of traffic . i told them to change car oil and do normal services they send me there place . they had done servicing very fast . they did not open the bonnet also and not clean it . one time my car had accident they not work properly on my car bumper . it was loose i have to tight it from out side and then they said you are servicing from out side so we can \? t do so . i have to visit weekly to service center it is 250 km far away . if customer is coming from so far , so they should do there work properly .
there not clean car internally they should clean car properly like washing with water from down side is necessary
staffs are deeply working there , but should be work more , should be appointed at educated people .
inside outside car should be clean properly .
they should wash car properly .
cleaning washing they do n't do it properly . we have to tell them again again that clean it properly .
they should clean car properly . they should use wet cloth clean the car
after servicing they were not properly clean the interior part of vehicle not properly wash the vehicle . they should give proper attention while cleaning washing of the car .
they should clean car properly from down side because i am diesel machine that \? s it this only should improve .
staff should be good .
they not clean the car properly they had given my car very dirty they should have given my car clean . they kept my car in go down after servicing go down when i in there for bring my car that time in my car have dust and i thing then not the servicing also they should give the car to the customer properly
cleanliness should be done well inside the car . they should give attention to windows and door sometime its look so should clean properly
they are not giving proper services for minor problems . 2 . they are mainly concentrate on major problems for money sake
in car have small small things it should be clean car should be clean properly .
they not clean my car properly . sits also not cleaned properly . if they are taking money than they should clean it properly .
servicing our cars after they are not cleaning properly . it should be cleaned properly it will be for customer .
should be improvement by cleaning , after cleaning the interior then the executive again checking our car they are cleaned properly or not . glass , door and dash door should be cleaning properly .
car washing should be done properly .
they should wash polish car properly .
they should clean car properly , we have to tell them that her there is dust please clean it .
car servicing should be properly . its not happens if they told some time to the customer , so they immediate done the servicing of car like that .
no improvement require
after washing the car it comes for polishing cleanliness all of things there have only one person . he has 10 cars for this he not the work . accurately there have only one person for polishing cleanliness . if there have lots of car there should have three people at least for this . there has only one person works lonely tell i am alone for this . i want to work systematically done the polishing cleanliness number wise there should be have two people instead of one .
no improvement require
car cleanliness should be done properly
when cleaning the car from inside they should take care of it .
while cleanness of car they are damage my car completely in black color stain are occurred in my car so when go there second time they should be solve it this problem and take care about it same things not repeat again not only for me but also another customer to .
it is very dirty there should be little bit cleanliness . they only put water . from down side they not clean properly . then they should clean it properly .
in last time service the cleaning was not good . better if will clean more .
should be improved our cars condition and cleanliness and properly cleaning our car inside also out side .
it is dusty even after cleaning . they do n't even touch the seat interior so it is very dusted .
car should be clean properly . water makes should not show on car .
they are given proper treatment to customer in waiting they should give drop to customer there is only car for drop and it is also not good in condition they should keep drop customer in old car customer cloth also spoil . they make 5000mtr far away the uttam toyota showroom and workshop car are not proper smell comes from it , alco also not proper working so it not happened .
in grand toyota servicing should be in time and also clean in inside properly . they should clean the car properly .
while cleaning the vehicle that some of them is supervised the work if they doing properly or not
car washing is not proper . water service was not good must also change the techniques of cleaning . so use new technique for cleaning .
they are not doing there work properly . one time they not clean my car properly . they should give attention at the timing of cleaning the car .
they should be give proper service to customers . if they are pay for your service they must be proper clean the car wash the properly of all the parts of car .
they should be properly work doing when customer saying them . labor should be properly repaired our car , it should be good for us .
cleanliness should be doing little bit proper and take care about it .
1 \) they have to do the proper interior cleaning especially vacuum cleaning . 2 \) they have to do the polish for exterior black fiber .
servicing should be improved if i am giving car for servicing it should not happened like i received car with scratches this is completely unrespectable for me as a customer i thing that toyota had not given proper training to staff like how to handle car . they should appoint one service manager over there to improve the services .
1 . before delivering the vehicle in charge person should check the vehicle servicing is done correctly or not
they should give attention to cleaning . they follow new technology like they should auto wash the car .
they should increase washing staff . they should clean car from inside .
when they deliver the car to the customer that time they clean the car properly . so they waste huge time . they should be already clean the car before delivery . they should do the work completely like cleanliness then the car comes outside .
washing area department should be improved because in washing it should not take time .
they cleaned car when customers told them or indicated them but the point is that why customer have to indicate service personnel , they have to check their own and clean car at service point .
after servicing they have to check the car i . e . car is washed check the condition of the car after that car should be given to the customer . they should increase the check point .
they should clean wash car properly . car should check properly when it is hangover . so that they would not get any complaint from customer . there is mud inside the car which should be cleaned properly .
after servicing they not littlie bit take care about cleaning . cleaning was not done properly . after give the car to the customer they should be check the car from outside and inside , they clean the car properly or not interior cleaning are not doing properly . so they should take care about it . they only clean in outside .
they had not wash car properly they should do water cleaning properly .
after washing , they have to clean the vehicle properly .
they should be properly clean the car also improved it . one day my car accident , then they are not properly cleaned it and not properly put the headlight . i am told them but they are told me again you are coming , after we are repaired it . it should be cleared .
at servicing time dust and dirt not cleaning properly , we are not comfortable at their servicing .
car service provider should check the car remove it out because there cleanliness is good . from inside outside car is clean .
they are not doing cleaning and washing properly . it should be looked like cleaned by showroom . if the mechanic do it \? s good . when we buy car how it look same should be there they should look after the cleaning process they should clean only by water and cloth we pay 500 rs for that if they give such servicing then it 's better we do it in home .
who cleaning the car , they are not clean properly . we want to told them . where cleaning want to done and also while cleaning they not cover the sheel , that 's why in sheel stain are occurs . they should be clean properly and also cover the sheet while cleaning .
while on service car problem was not completely solved . water wash is not done properly and only body wash is done . inside part of interior , exterior and running board should be properly washed .
at the time of last servicing they had not clean inside parts . i call to dealership they told me 2nd time we will clean it .
they are not doing water washing properly
they clean car only at outside not inside the car , they not did inter work , in some places like door air condition they not clean properly .
before deliver the car they should check properly . they should be clean properly . one year happening for servicing but in car dust was remain in inside . always in outside has grease marks . which they not clean it . always i want to shouting them then they clean it . this problem happen every time .
they should train staff like how to use machinery how to wash car .
they should improve in car condition and cleanness , to my according which their prescribe and other then which have there level of work in cleanness . that \? s why i am not satisfied .
they wash my car but it not cleaned .
their workers are not properly clean and wash our cars .
polishing not done properly . they should be do properly with machine also dust should be clean .
water washing in not good . 2 . interior washing should be developed . 3 . they have to provide the bill paper after servicing
after servicing our car they are not properly cleaned it also while they are use the things for cleaning it is also not good . when we are given servicing car then it should be cleaning properly . but it is not like that .
they should clean car properly . they need to clean glass of car properly .
cleanliness of car to the customer should be proper so customer will be sati \? s filed .
after washing glass it 's remaining same in glass has stain . after washing while sating remains there they should be clean .
they should be improvement in washing of car they are not washing car properly from down side . they should wash properly .
there are not cleaning dust properly . there was dust in car so they should clean the car properly
they are not cleaning the car properly . they are not cleaning car properly from outside also we have to told them about it .
management should be improved . car should be clean easily also not doing washing properly . from inside downside not clean properly .
after servicing our car they should be properly clean . and also they should not properly the water servicing . it should be properly . when we tell them then only they will do it .
advisor of cleanliness should little bit take care . they done servicing properly but in washing has some problem like they do n't put air cleanliness done less .
car washing should be done properly . washing is not good . i told to the manager , supervisor that do the cleaning fast put the water send the car .
after delivering the car to the customer car condition should be proper . in my car which problem is there after serving it occur more problems \? in which condition i had given my car more than they had damaged it . we give the car to wash them that we can also do at home . but we give the car there because for good cleanliness but they clean the car only outside . from inside outside put the water properly should clean the car . but they do n't do it from inside the dust remains like that only .
they should clean car properly . they are not washing cleaning properly . they should clean car from internal area also like desk board etc .
while cleanliness of car they should concentrate on one car . they put water on car they see the second , third car . so they lose the concentration . at one time only they should clean the car complete . then neat cleanliness will be done .
after servicing the car they should be properly wash clean the car in inside outside of the car . now they were clean it but they should be clean better .
washing should be improvement . they should be look after our car and cleaning it properly
they work properly from the mind heart . they should do cleaning washing properly . they should not be carless .
they should clean the car properly from inside outside but they are not cleaning the car properly then i have to clean my car again when i reach home .
they should clean car properly . they should car before customer visit over there were there is parts of ac it has dust article so they should clean it . they should improve in cleaning .
in last servicing they not done the servicing accurately . while delivering the car they should be clean properly . we pay the charges so they done the work in same manners .
after doing the servicing cleanliness was good but , they have to improve the cleanliness .
while cleaning the car , after washing they not clean the stain , its remains like that only also not clean it . after washing i had complete them . supervisor should check it . there is stain on wheel so they should use cloth there should supervision for this work .
they should clean car properly . if any customer saw the car so they feel like car coming from showroom .
staff should have knowledge about cleaning the car
they should see the car that it is clean properly or not before giving it to customer . they should clean the glasses after wash with water . they should clean car properly .
while water servicing they must clean the interior and outer parts of the body properly
they should clean the car properly .
they should pay attention at the cleaning of car . supervisor should check the car wether it is cleaned properly or not . after servicing .
service center staff should do their work perfectly with care .
water service was not properly done . gear parts was not properly cleaned . tire tube was punchier and all air was leaked out . i told them about that but they did n't service the same . toyota has a good name in market hence the vip purchase these so they must service properly . we only take car and drive so they must properly check all these things
they have to improve cleanliness washing after servicing .
the cleanliness is not good after servicing so , they have to improve it .
cleaning should be doing properly it 's compulsory . which cleaning done like local service center compare to them they doing wrist cleaning .
they should take trial of customer complained if they found problem then they should solve it customer should get proper return . the staffs who are doing servicing they should take watch on them that they are cleaning the car properly or not . after that they should take trial of the car that customer all complaint are solved or not .
checking quality control . somebody to checking all the conditions of the car before they sent back .
they should clean the car properly .
workers should work properly . the supervisor should be up to date , like before giving the car back he should properly cleaned washed or not .
they clean the car properly in side .
while servicing they mot done the proper water service . they cleaned only glass , the under part of car was not cleaned properly it was fully dirty . so here they need to improve the service
washing should be improvement . water servicing and polish should be properly . after servicing our car it should be looked like a new car and also our feeling a new car . i suggested them they should be work in peaceful , it will be good . they thought 150 cars are servicing immediately . that is why they are not properly doing it .
before delivering the vehicle they have to verify with other technician regarding condition of the vehicle
after servicing our car then they are not properly cleaning it . they should be cleaning inside the car and down side of the seat . if they are properly cleaning our car then it is nice looking .
after servicing our car it remains look like as it is only . they should more concentrate on it and do the work . after servicing , the executive should be test the car and returned to the customer , if it not cleaning properly , the executive should be told the workers and again should be clean it
service should be more improved water servicing should be properly cleaning it is no problem to they are taken additional amount , but they are giving generally service so , it should be improved which they additional amount they taken there is no problem , but good service should be given .
while learning the car they should give more attention . they will handle the car while servicing carefully properly handle
they should maintain the vehicle like their
they should give the car in committed time . they should follow the instructions that why they should be solve the customer problem .
they not clean car dicky properly at the time of servicing . they are cleaning car from inside always they miss something .
in last service nothing was good they have not clean the car properly , i had taken the picture of the car from inside and send it to the manager . the place where they clean the car the supervisor should be available so that he can check the car before delivery the car .
infant of us they cleaning of the car . but behalf they are not doing properly cleaning
servicing should be at committed time , all services they should be doing neat and clean also it ok .
they should be cleaning properly they put greece then its stickked dust . they are washing our car , but not cleaning it properly .
while they are cleaning our car then they should be cleaned it outside and also inside our car . if cars seats are tore , then it should be removed . while they are washing our car then they should be used clean water avoid used it dirty water . while they are servicing our car then they should be checked our cars nut bold . if it alignment doing it then checking it pitching sound .
car should be clean properly .
vaccum should be done properly car should be neat .
they are not cleaning the interior and superior under body parts properly . 2 . they have to improve the water washing
after washing they should clean while using cloth they use chemicals after that spot was occur in the glass .
all equipment 's are available over there but staffs not there have knowledge how to use it they are not trained properly the should training to them they should trained how to talk with customer and how to wash the car they should have fear of senior and junior .
while servicing time mark and stain , sticker should be not remaining they should be doing clean properly .
they should little bit take care on this they should doing the cleanliness with at customer tall them its mean customer not has to tell anything reentry toyota should properly take care about cleanliest .
they should be clean all the interior parts of car and dashboard , window glass . while servicing them should use body cover they should be properly cover the car because the greens , oil stain not remain on other parts of car .
they are not doing work carefully servicing car not properly neat and cleaning . i they are not doing properly then were doing it properly . hence they should be doing all work properly
car washing should be proper .
after servicing at door side the car reaming dark spot that is why it should be properly cleaned
they are not properly clean our car , after servicing our car dark spot reaming our car . how i want but they didn \? t clean our car
after servicing they have to cleaning and condition of the vehicle so he properly
they not clean the car properly . they don \? t have the machine to clean the car form down side .
they did not done water washing properly . so they have to improve it
they have to improve the cleanliness after the vehicle servicing .
they have to improve water washing and interior cleaning .
they have to improve more in cleaning the vehicle .
they are not cleaning properly . 2 . they have to improve the water washing
no improvement require
1 . they have to clean properly interior parts of vehicle they have to do water washing properly
they should was car properly . if we complaint car is not clean properly then they are not listening .
after servicing they are not properly cleaning our car , it should be improvement .
washing should be done properly
they have to check the vehicle before delivering to the customers .
no improvement require
should be properly cleaning and washing our car .
they should be properly doing interior claim
quality of cleaning and washing should be improvement . if there more load of works then they are not properly doing work . staff should be increased . final touch should be proper . cars body parts should be cleaning properly also staff should be improvement . they should be put the grease . there should be separate department .
we leave the car at service centre at the same condition they give the car . they do proper work for water service
water service they should clean proper the many in the car .
when i give my car for servicing after the servicing i watch some dust particles under the seat .
the condition of cleanliness was not good . they need to appoint good experience staff for service . on first service they not done the clean service so again i called them dropped my car for re service , it was not good . so they should have a good experience staff for clean service .
workers are not understand how it is cleaning and washing . inside the car dirt \? s are remaining as it is before servicing our car . their workers are not understand how is put the mat inside the car . washing and cleaning our car is very important for servicing .
my last servicing time they not properly wash and clean my car .
they must fix the small problem informed by us . they do n't give attention towards that and do servicing . while driving have to face the same problem . they must first fix the problem and then take a test drive .
which have washing servicing . which is they no properly doing , because in my last 3 servicing every time 1 complained their they told me in next servicing they provide free service . but they did n't do it . before hand over the car their engineer should check the car completely . after washing should be had no dust in car cleanliness should be completely .
while servicing they are not properly washed our car , inside the car and seats under parts are not cleaning properly , while washing , also they are damaged some parts , they taken till 10 minutes to wash our car , dust and dirt remaining our car . hence they should be properly doing this work .
three times i given my car for servicing , but , they are not properly wash my car till three services . body marks not properly saw my car . every time i told them . last service time i told to the manager , he promised me next service we doing properly , but they did as it is only
after servicing they are not properly cleaning my car , so , it should be improvement .
car should be clean properly also polish should be done properly .
while cleanliness they should clean properly an inside the car . vacuum should be doing proper and polishing also . they should deliver the car neat clean .
they are not washing the car properly . they should wash the car properly carefully .
which servicer serviced my car i will request him that several time he should stand on chair and find the car is ok or not . i watched that after 10000km my mat lubricant is black . i have taken 20000km premium interior wash and 20000 servicing . i expect that my car will washed . at that time sit cover also riped they did not supervise on that . service provider staff are very poor . company should remove the manager and appoint new staff .
they should clean properly body of car , after servicing they should check one more time the car to take right check drive because we note such thing in rainy season .
after servicing they gave me car in very bad condition . it was full of dust not clean it have full of white colour power .
there was some black color dirt on my seat cover even after cleaning or servicing time . the staff should check the car once after servicing . the dirt should not remain even after washing .
location is not good . and car polish as not done they had hand over to me . before hand over the car they should done everything .
they not done the cleanliness properly , we had to told them again and again about cleanliness . in this should be improve and also service advisor should be check the car .
car interior was not clean .
for quick delivery purpose they not did work properly , if they delivered quickly then they must do work proper manner .
they should proper care about cleanliness . because in last servicing also didn \? t used vacuum . they didn \? t done proper cleaning .
lower part diki and inside portion should be clean .
once the worker finishes there work it \? s the responsibility of advisor to recheck the service and to inform the customers . only complaint of cleaning purpose itself .
they have to improve the water servicing and cleanliness .
precisely service centre was small then also there are doing servicing properly . but know they are not doing servicing properly .
we had notice that main cars comes to the service centre also people are changing . we are paying charges so cleaning washing should be done properly . it should look like showroom car . which the baring they do they go inside the car like that only the darks are remains like that only . while cleaning the car they should use good quality cloth .
need to clean the vehicle properly
after servicing my car they are not properly washed it , they are given to at private service centre , at private centre workers are not serviced , they are only sprayed it . dust and dirt remains as it is . i will complain many times about problems of washing , but they are not response for me . hence washing should be improvement .
they should concentrate on staff which cleanilessed they done , which was proper or not .
they should be cleaned our cars overall parts , also without customers information workers should do by themselves
i visit the service centre for water service they did not service properly at bottom engine . i raised the complaint at 2 times after that they did the work . they must do water was for all the parts .
they are washing the vehicle at the time of delivering the vehicle , instead of that they have to clean the vehicle before delivering .
after servicing our car and ready for it , then there 2 to 3 workers are there , they used same material for dash board polishing and polishing our car , hence our car we are not able to see light . when i had given my car at the time of last servicing they put the grease on the mat .
sometimes when i went for cleaning my car i have to show them where to clean . they have polished my car but after polishing i have seen a scratch in the car . this kind of problem was there . and i have seen this kind of things many times , and i have caught them 2 or 3 times . i have kept my car there for 2 or 3 days and after 2 or 3 days i have taken it but after that i have seen that they have not polished it well . then i have polished it and taking it out .
the cleanliness is not good . there should be a difference between local mechanics and showroom staff but they are doing the servicing like outside mechanic people . they need to take care of the vehicle
while cleaning the car from inside if they clean with vacuumed cleaner properly it should be good for us .
they have to clean the inner parts of the vehicle properly .
car needs to be washed properly .
washing is very bad . wash the car properly so that customer does not have to complaint about it .
after servicing our car they are not properly washed our car , inside and outside . dirt \? s and dirt remaining as it is . many times i complained about washing the car . hence washing should be proper .
at the time of last servicing they not clean my car properly . they should wash car properly . they should improve cleaning .
not properly servicing my car also my car engine not properly washed . hence all service should be proper .
car cleanliness should be done properly .
dealership should intimate to staffs to wash the car properly . car purchase processing was transparent but towards the servicing i did not get proper service . when i got the call from mumbai i told them to arrange a smoking zone at this dealership as like airport .
dealership people do n't do the cleaning properly . in cleaning they do n't concentrated properly . every time its remain some were . so we have to tell them again again do the work . they also are in hurry .
interior of car should be cleaned properly but they do n't do it . the number of quantity should be high it should be cleaned as fast as they can cleaning should be proper and even desk board should be cleaned .
how many times i said car needs to be cleaned properly from inside . but they said that you need to pay separate charges for that this is not our job .
after car servicing they should check the car once again . neatly cleanliness is done car inside dash board polishing is not done properly on car glass darks remains like that only .
the car needs to be more clean . interior part should be clean and the lower part also should be clean means it would be good if the job is done properly .
an in charger should observe about the cleanliness of the vehicle .
after servicing they kept the car an out side and when we go there to bring our car . that time in it had dust and like that they given car . they should clean the car properly then give back .
clean needs to be done properly . only they clean with water but they do not clean with cloth when they do polishing charges should be low . product use age should be properly done .
car should be completely check . like battery also should be check .
they did not clean the car properly and the outer part also they did not clean properly . i have told the staffs about this and they have told me that we cannot do more than this .
on service center should be have one person who checked car servicing proper or not like . car cleanliness or condition of car .
water service is not good . they have not cleaned under the seats . this must be improved .
every time they not done the washing properly . they done the cleaning an inside properly but not an outside . water stair was remained in glass and also polishing was not accurate . in last servicing i complained . so i had to gone their again then also they not washed properly .
they washing the car well on top of the car , but beneath the car near by tyre side they are not cleaning properly . i was told them many times but they did not . so i went other service for one time . so they have clean all over the car properly .
they should clean properly an inside a car .
they have not washed my car properly . if they washed it properly and concentrate on washing then it would be good .
1 . when the vehicles etios liva had increased they are not giving the quality servicing 2 . they have to do water washing and cleanness properly 3 . they have to increase the staff ans mechanics
while servicing our car they are not properly washed our car , washing is very important for servicing , hence , good workers should be appointed specially for washing our car .
they do only routine work . if we tell to them anything they accept it but ca n't do . if i remember to them then to they not do work , after that they take back to my car did it . before remember work they must do it .
whatever problem is there they must be inform to us . if we ask to them after that they ready to tell us . without asking anything they must be inform to us they should be open minded .
before delivery the car needs to be washed properly . service advisor needs to check the car before delivery before making the bill .
there staff \? s are on contracted base or they are not getting their salary properly . so that they are not washing car from contract or they should increase the rate of contract . there should be one supervise to check the cleaning the staff are doing properly or not .
checking needs to done properly . glass needs to be cleaned properly . once or twice i said them to clean after that they clean . in front of the customer if they clean it will not satisfy the customer needs and there should be change in staff .
they not clean car properly . at the time of washing the car they should provide one supervisor .
actually the executive needs to check the car properly . because we are paying 3000 10000 for servicing . even for 100rs also the man will clean the car properly but after paying this much amount also they are not cleaning properly .
i don \? t like their way of washing the car . they should guide them how to do the work . they are not doing the work by the serial no . the staffs didn \? t notice that i was watching everything whatever they are doing . after the work they have told me that they washed my car with the vacuum cleaner but i have seen that they did not use vacuum cleaner they use blowing wind . i want they clean properly inside the car .
when they return our vehicle to us that time they should check weather vehicle is properly clean or not . if vehicle is not properly clean they should be clean it very well .
before returning they should clean the car properly . they should improve the service . many staffs are change . they should keep more efficient staff and a good mechanic .
i could n't say anything about it you should checked out .
this you people should know how to stay with client . they should behave well with clients . they should understand and know that their client should be satisfied .
they do not clean the glass of windows properly . also the rubber on the glass is not cleaned properly . it would be good if they do not do the work in hurry and do it patiently .
some times they are not properly cleaning our car . inside the car dirt remaining . if we are told them then also they are cleaning it properly .
after servicing they should be properly washed our car . we say to technician about the problem but they do not identified . while servicing they should understand the problem of the car without said by the customer . the dust remains the same after washing the car , so it needs to be cleaned properly .
interior should be clean properly as compare to exterior
1 \) if you are washing the car then it should be shine . it should feel like it is wash . 2 \) they are not keep mat properly . they keep left on right side right on left side . so they should keep it right . 3 \) they should check car interior properly . dust should be not there so they should check it .
they are doing water wash service but the interior parts are not cleaned properly . this service was not done by dealership this was mostly done by outside staff , so they are doing what they know
they not concentrated in cleanliness and polishing also , which they done in last those things they should done first like car ok or not we had to told them . which work will be doing .
they are not cleaning the car from inside . we have to tell them i had given complaint also . they are taking rs . 1800 for cleaning . so they should do there work properly .
like me they have thousands of customers whom they don \? t pay attention . for inter cleaning i told them personally that you have not done inter cleaning of my vehicle properly . before that also i had complaint for inter cleaning of car . for inters cleaning i gave my car again for cleaning and now this time also they did the same . while returning car to the customer before that they should re check the car by their service advisor then they should give car to customer . they should appoint an assistant for this who will 100 check the cleaning of vehicle .
lanson dealership have to improve their water wash service main interior and other parts needs to be clean properly . comparing to mahindra company toyota company water wash is not good .
1 \) while delivering the car on it had stain and hand prints , it should be checked , should be concentrate on it . 2 \) we had to pay rs . 800 900 for washing so they should washed according in it .
after servicing they should clean the car properly
they should clean the car from inside .
interior part of car needs to be cleaned behind the seat car also needs to be cleaned .
they should be washing the car properly .
after servicing the car the supervisor should check the car washed properly or not , and even customer to get the facility once again to check is own car , if the customer satisfied then he take as per his decision . if he is not satisfied then the problem should be solved .
service center dealership is good but the washing is not good . they must concentrate on there too .
interior should be neat and clean
they will not properly cleaning our car , when we say , that time they do . hence cleaning should be improvement .
cleaning ad time take should be improve . they don \? t fully clean our car . there should be supervision on staff who does cleaning ad when our car is under service . they should check the car then only they should return the car to customer .
water service need to be more improved it will good for us .
before they delivered the car . they should check that the car was properly cleaned or not . the car should be checked by a senior supervisor . charges were very high if they reduce the charges then it would be better . they have taken 5000 for my car servicing if they take 3000 instead of 5000 then it would be good .
when we gave for service they have to do complete service . last time i gave them for ac service they also done charged 12000 rs for that service however after 1 week again i got an issue on ac the cooling is very low .
after servicing they should concentrate about customers complaint on car logo had lots of dust , they should clean it . toyota logo should be away clean
which feedback call we get and told them which which place cleaning was required they cleaning those place they should checked when customers given a complaints .
they have to clean the vehicle properly after servicing .
when we service the car they not served every time in the car wheel alignment , so i have to serviced the outside for the same purpose . lanson dealership by default should be doing this work every time .
after servicing , the car needs to be checked on cleaning . mostly the cleaning is not done properly . while we are going for servicing the car should be cleaned thoroughly .
they are not doing water service properly its like they are taking cloth wash it .
their manager should checked the car properly like cleanliness was done proper or not .
waiting time should be less .
before they do water wash properly . but now they do with the help of spray , so instead of using spray should be clean with water only .
i dont like they cleaning our car , so the cleaning needs to be improved .
after servicing our car then they are not washed properly we are given other charges for washing , if they are not properly washed our car then dust remains it and comes it insects .
for cleaning they are doing well inside however the outer side was little dirty
ram is more important . they do n't available millennium toyota ram there . the car washing things they do n't available there . they are not cleaning for the bottom of the car , so mud remains like that only . suppose now it is summer season but in monsoon , it is create big problem because it is do n't some bottom side may be possibility chesses will be glitterested , second thing they have not having facilities for balance alignment of the tire at showroom .
there should be improvement in cleaning of car . washing department needs to be improved . in servicing the clean what they do may be compared to home wash also . even my village servicing is good as compared to here .
washing should be improvement .
cleaning should be improving . if customer showed which place for cleaning then they should be cleaned properly , and after should be showed to the customer
improvements are needed in cleaning of car . this people don \? t do washing of car properly . infinium toyota does cleaning of full car from outside but from inside they don \? t clean vehicle . they don \? t clean vehicle on places where truly cleaning is required in car . i was having old innova which they were cleaning properly from inside too but now they don \? t do cleaning from inside of car . from when i have purchased new innova they make excuses to clean . i have only problem in cleaning of vehicle .
most of the time clean use to be said from our side . outside cleaning , interior cleaning used to be said by us . this needs to be taken care from the cantes .
if they changed car seat track , so they should tied a bolt .
cleaning should be improvement and interior and under parts should be cleaning properly . they used only water for cleaning , hence it should be improvement
they should clean the vehicle properly and should concentrate on the cleaning of engine
they should clean the vehicle properly .
they must have the list of servicing they done on our vehicle which must have the problems of the vehicle so they should solve the problems as per the list .
after servicing if the car is more clean then it would be better .
they are not properly water servicing our car . they used only two bottles of water for cleaning , so dirt remain at gaps of the car . hence they should properly washed our car .
after cleaning our car dirt remained our car also stains remain on the door glass .
not properly cleaning my car and while they are cleaning my car then they are cutted my cars one sides boarder , hence cleaning should be improvement .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
the drivers don \? t know that is the service is proper or not . washing is not done properly . we are paying 5000 10000rs bill so it should be done properly . this service should be improved . the contractor should check the supervisor work in service center . the company should have a staff from complaint itself for appointment purpose . one worker can \? t handle full work . cleaning , polish tier dashboard cleaned or not should be checked properly for 10 vehicles also .
there should be improve to clean the car facility .
i had problem in cleanliness . they not did a cleaning properly . when we go their for servicing that time our car was dirty from downside and upper side also . so , they used only water and after that leave it like that only . they should clean the car completely from downside for this they should use cloths and soap . so we can feel my car was clean completely . they should clean the car problem , so we not get any problem after a servicing .
while them doing a servicing that time they forget to clean on some place . if they done the polishing , so some place stain are remained so they should concentrate about it and also done the cleanliness properly .
washing is not proper in toyota service center . i mentioned that engine wash from outside was not properly . as comparing maruti with toyota , maruti washing is good . the service of maruti done for working is good as it look like new car . so , engine should be washed properly . if we look the engine dust remains the same .
they clean the car properly in inside only but outside the car they not so the same properly .
they should do the cleaning of the vehicle slowly so that cleaning performed well .
cleaning is very poor . they changed internal parts of my vehicle regarding this also i have complaint .
while cleaning they put some paper left or right in car which they sometimes used or sometime not . when they doing polishing then not doing completed polished in between remained polishing should be proper . customer should not realized cleanliness is not done properly . so , they should done a cleaning properly .
they should improve their management as it is in poor condition .
staff not have knowledge how to wash the car
car servicing should be doing proper way .
the car should be cleaned properly . presentation should be done . car tires are also dirty and seats are dirty as well .
supervisor should take responsible for cleanliness service because sometimes they are not clean the vehicle properly . out of 10 they are not clean the car 2 then we have to say for complete remaining 2 cleanliness .
they should do cleaning properly .
they should work completely on every car which came for servicing . sometime customer is saying about the issues in car , which should be noted by them only . they should take a note that not every time customer will update the issue about the car .
they should improve in cleanliness service because they are not washing the car properly so they should clean the car properly .
they should do the washing properly .
while comparing to oil engine servicing the water wash services is not good and clean .
interior water washing is not good
they should do the washing properly .
there should be proper cleaning inside the vehicle after servicing .
washing service was not good . they are not washing properly inside outside of the car so they should properly wash the car .
they should wash the vehicle properly service center should open till late evening .
they have to do the water washing properly .
cleanliness was not proper . servicing should be done properly . staff are not good . , they should be improved in terms of commitments . they charged rs . 3000 for interim cleanliness but there was lot of dust and mud . staff should be changed actually . owner should personally look into the procedures . inspite of paying full money , the work was not properly done .
proper cleaning required after every servicing
water service is not available in the amana toyota vengalam dealership . water service should be available at dealership .
car should be given in proper condition . there should be rating scale option in service center to mark 10 points if services are good . they donot clean the vehicle in the way how dsk keeps clean . car should be checked neatly
seats need to be clean properly with the help of vaccum cleaner
they are only do superstition , during the vehicle the evening when it is little bit of sunlight is left , you cannot see inside of the car . by mistakenly we take the car see the next morning then we realize that was not done very well , all the things are not well , because we already taken the delivery of the car . they expect you to give a good rating . they have not done properly for cleanliness . when we come with delivery of the car . i don \? t think this kind of the cleanliness should be have very very less . they cannot tell them customers to bring their car for cleanliness . so they should come and clean wash at that type . i showed them , they told that they were done it but was not done 100 . one more thing i told them to do my work for wiper , they charged me 250 rs for small in wiper , that come of the next day because see i realize that when the dust is in the glass of the vehicle of the wiper , but it was earlier they charged me 250 rs because they charged for the part of the thing . the age of the wiper glass , the rubber and which the wiper handle of the arm of the wiper look at the cleanliness , your car car machine , you have the details inside the car , this attracts the dust and small snacks of chivada stuck on that that cannot be removed by simple cleaning they need a vacuum cleaner for inside of the vehicle . but they can \? t done see by putting a spray on the dashboard material shine , that is not cleaning . that should be looked proper seat has to be checked , the seat has to be checked and the door should have proper greece but they not done it . i mean they have doing servicing of the car then they do all of that . so they should need more focus .
the problem is come again which they resolving . everything fine but one problem is not sort out yet . they cut my memory card when i give for servicing i was give memory card to driver he didn \? t connect again . driver also forgot and service center people also forgot and they return vehicle without solving problem . in gps system dots is showing there later they said we will remove that dots but they didn \? t remove . after the return of vehicle they should ask to customers is there problem in vehicle , you can check .
sunny toyota should look into the cleaning of the car after the servicing . the number of staff members is less and should be increased . they aren \? t taking proper time for car cleaning and are doing it within 5 7 minutes only due to which the dirt under the car isn \? t cleaned .
customer not said particular point suggestion
especially the staff should take major care towards the cleanliness in the service . servicing is not done completely , they should work on it .
they should polish the vehicle properly and should do touching work properly .
labor should be increased . it would fasten the work .
1 . they have to identify the correct problem of the vehicle and they have to rectify it
the staff should be increased . there are only 3 staff members for cleaning .
during the car servicing they do not clean the car interior desk board properly . honda company cleans desk board by applying wax on it but the toyota company does not do it and they say that wax on the desk board would affect its reflection . due to unclean desk board the car doesn \? t look clean too .
while giving the car to periodic service i said its urgent kindly give back me as soon as possible . but they serviced my car and did not washed the same . i felt very much bad about this service .
service should be better . they should concentrate on customer complaints and need to do it accordingly
they should clean the mat of the car with shampoo .
they have to do 20 more clarity services
1 . after servicing they have to check the vehicle of the condition 2 . they have to do the proper cleanliness
when we gave our vehicle and during the time of handover should do little more improvement . they should apply the brush . first the den antier applies to someone when the vehicle arrives to you and you have done repair or service . if you have cleaned the ad touch bolt which is under the sit then its good impact on the customers . first thing is on that , other thing is secondary . when it will drive on road for 10 20 thousand kilometer then everything will come to know . when they handover the vehicle to the customer first thing is that when they open the door to sit this thing get appil .
car cleaning was not at all proper after washing the car . totally worst . they cleaned it from our side . not cleaning from inside as dust , soil and all . back side dickey also not cleaning . should give car to the customer with proper cleaning .
after servicing they simply return the vehicle also they need to look whether customers were satisfied or not . vehicle seems good in conditions but later when we come our house see and still there are issues on vehicles .
they have to do the cleaning of the vehicle fastly
i have the only issue in washing of car . whenever i give my car for washing i face issue in washing . they don \? t wash car properly from inside as well as outside . car was returned in same condition in condition which i have given before washing . i have to go for washing 2 3 times . toyota company should improve 100 in the washing of vehicle . when car they return after washing they don \? t clean car from inside . people at toyota who are in charge for washing they don \? t check vehicle that car is clean of not after washing . car should be shine after wash and parts of the car also should shine after wash which don \? t shine at all .
external part of the car body cleaning was very good and no issues but the issues we face from internal part of the car i . e . inside the car was not much good . need improvement on cleaning part from all the end .
they should improve in condition of car cleanliness of service because they are not completely washing the car when open the door that time we see that they are not clean the car after washing they are not check the car . staffs are not working manually in engine we see that most of dust is there .
work should be done properly . once completing the service in car the dealership service man should take trial to check the car . so that they will understand the conditions etc .
they should more improve in washing service staffs are not clean the car properly .
after servicing i have still dust on my car . after completing servicing when they washed our car that time they should check and after that they should deliver to customer . but after servicing we have to tell them cleanliness is not here then they cleaned it . client should take care about when they deliver customer cars it should be well maintain anyone should not complaint against lack of service .
cleaning parts need to improved more . basis on last service my vehicle bottom and top is not cleaned well .
car should be cleaned from inside after servicing . if they left something while servicing and car has cleaned very well so that time customer ignore that things . but cleaning is not done properly so customer is unhappy .
i am not satisfied in cleaning of the car . they are not focusing on car cleaning properly . if we asked them then they said as you have not taken 2 , 3 policy . many dust is there . very small place like back side of the car , near by seat dust is available . some soil is there under the tire .
the customer who sits over their they give service properly . the vehicle should left inside number wise . if their would be big work in vehicle should inform to come tomorrow . if they want to take money like 15 , 00 1600 like for washing should wash properly .
they do the work only just for formality but they do not clean the car properly . there remains dust inside and outside also because my car was full of dust so i have complaint twice for this matter . if a car comes for servicing it should be 100 complete . cleanliness is not like that booming and washing is enough .
they are not doing the proper interior cleaning
while servicing they did not wash the car properly . they should notice the cleaning process .
dealership staffs are not properly cleaning the car some of dots are see in mirror so that should be improved .
water washing they are do good but inside of car they are not cleaning properly small small parts also they are not clean .
they should clean the vehicle properly from inside and should use cloth twice .
monitoring should get properly to staff . cleaning should done in time also they should do monitoring properly . also they should provide all the things in time .
cleaning service should be improved . they should neatly wash the front back side of car .
when oil servicing the car they are not properly looking after the cleanliness . if their hands become oily and then without washing the hands they directly touch the car body .
they did not done proper cleaning at the down part of my vehicle
they should focus on staff
at erode dealership there is lack of staffs . due to lack of staff the services are incomplete . hence , they need to increase the staffs . at salem all the service is good as they have enough staffs and their interior cleaning and water wash , by seeing the car after service we feel that the car is totally new .
for water washing the dealer person said that there is no a person in not available so will do the same in next day previous it was good presently they are washing interior parts only not at external parts .
car washing should be done properly . every time i complaint about car washing .
after servicing they should clean the car properly . maheshtala road is very much rough and dusty that \? s why when we are returning back after servicing the car was covered with dust but that they don \? t clean again . they should do this .
1 . they have to do proper interior service
washing should be improved and they should clean the car properly . there are stain of washing powder and water droplets on car and they should clean it properly .
inside of car dealership staffs are not cleaning properly so they should cleaning the car properly like gas board , car net inside of car .
washing need to be cared .
after servicing washing of headlight was not proper . they should focus while changing parts like headlights .
they should done the work on vehicle in cimmited time and should update the customer how much time they are going to take .
whenever we give our car for servicing , they never do it properly . they do not clean the car carpet . they only clean the car when prior payment is done . they do not clean the car at all if we do not pay before servicing or pay late . they do not even clean the dust settled on the car .
they are not doing the water washing properly after servicing
after servicing the car they are not cleaning the car properly so that service should be improved .
they should clean the vehicle properly after servicing .
washing of vehicle is not proper . after washing the cleanliness is not proper . the water is falling down from the car . they should improve in washing servicing otherwise everything is good . at last servicing the washing work is not proper
they should improve on the work done . there is no issue if they give the car delivery late but the servicing should be done properly . there was a leakage in the engine of my car , so when told about this they asked me to tell the issue in the next servicing . when ask the issue to be repaired on the next servicing they say that it should have been told before 2 to 3 days . there is same issue in nandi , viva , ravindu like they say that it would take 2 to 3 .
they should clean the vehicle before give it to customer .
they are doing the water washing at sunrise , due to less parking area . 2 . they have to clean the vehicle in front of of customer 's with in one hour
after service polishing of spare parts was pending . they said we don \? t do this . they put normal newspapers on foot mat . on driver side of foot mat of newspapers . i have another vehicle of hyundai and they do service very properly and complete . they do polishing of vehicle from inside as well as outside . we have paid 2 lacs for innova car and they only do servicing of tiers . they don \? t even do proper service on spots because this is free service . if even , we take paid service we have to pay 1000 just for washing with only water . toyota brand is taking 1000 rupees but they should at least clean it as that level . they need to improve only on washing . they don \? t even ask after washing when we go to take car after wash we found water stains on car . so there is no meaning of washing car and going far 70 km from home .
espirirt toyota need to look after the customer service in terms of cleanliness . ended up the service staff need to screw up to do the work properly . other than that everything was good . atlast they leave the cleanliness part simply , even they could not complete those work or else the available person will remove the dust simply over the car leave us .
while giving the car we mention all the issues persist on car but after servicing the car while delivering they don \? t mention anything regarding the same . thus they need to appoint a person to elaborate and describe the car issues correctly .
there is problem in cleanliness . in last servicing there is issue in cleanliness seat problem i have already give the complaint regarding the seat he told me that in your second servicing the issue will be slove . the car was not clean . they did not clean the car from inside . sometime there is an issue in cleanliness . they should clean the car in good manner .
after servicing they don \? t do cleaning of car properly . they should pay more attention towards cleaning of vehicles . after washing there should be a checkup point they should check that vehicle is properly washed or not .
there was a little problem in cleanliness . there were spots on the glass of my car which they did n't clean . then they cleaned it immediately after i complained them about it . anant toyota should improve their cleaning . the customers should n't find the need of complaining . nothing else they should only look into cleaning .
they should improve in washing services so it will be good for us . they give less attention in cleanliness . staff should clean the vehicle properly so it will be good
at lanson dealership water wash is not good . for this i have complained as well . engine , interior wash , under seat , glass etc . these place i have observed but they have not cleaned well .
water wash is not done properly that need to be resolved . a scratches occurs in right side of the car while oil servicing this need to be improved . may be by covering with something and need to services the car accordingly .
the main correction should do in washing . if they are washing the vehicle then its their responsibility that they should wash vehicle properly . customer should not get a chance they here is not washed properly like polish here and their .
they have to do some more modifications interior servicing .
water service is not done properly hence , need to do the water service properly .
already we have to be worried because sometime service center is not opens so we have to visit on second day . when we go to receives our car after service they don \? t wash car properly . they just give car by washing it with cloth . they don \? t clean our vehicle completely .
they have to do the proper cleanliness . of the vehicle
they should improve the quality of cleaning
1 . they are taking more time for water washing . 2 . they have to provide water washing centers .
cleaning should be done properly and there should not be any stains . the water stains very left on my car and the washing center staff should do their work properly . the car should be spotless clean when it comes out of the service center after servicing .
they should clean the vehicle properly and from inside also .
the workers who are in the dealership should co operate and guide customers . they should clean car with their vacuum . the workers who work in service center they should do their work properly . advisor should advise their labor workers that when customer come with car they should clean their car inside and outside by using vacuum cleaner .
they should solve the customers complaints and should focus on improvements .
car not clean proper as per our wellness . cleanliness should be proper .
they should check the cleaning of the vehicle before give it to customer .
at lanson dealership does water washing on exterior part and do not do cleaning in interior part and the dust remains . hence need to clean well on interior parts as well .
basis on their cleaning part of car the interior was not cleaned well . i was not satisfied on their service and no one is making the follow up for this kind of service . in a day at dealership they receive 50 cars for servicing but the dealership does not have that much of manpower . i purchased toyota car to use so long period but after complaining and complaining i fed up with their service .
the washing should be perfect . 2 \) the vacuum cleaning and the glass should be cleaned properly .
they clean the vehicle but however i am looking in the vehicle they don \? t do in that manner . when customer tell some work to them they should do that but they don \? t do that . they should clean interior properly . interior cleaning is less .
in cleanliness washing cleaning was not proper . we have to visit 2 time for washing . they should wash the car from inside base part .
once i had given car for servicing and mentioned regarding the oiling and ac repair service . serviced the oiling but did not serviced on ac part . thus i faced a lot of problems and also the dust got exceeded and the problem as well . hence , i went again and given the car servicing and also for that i had to pay the charge again . felt this was unnecessary for me to make round of twice a time twice a payment
cleanliness should be looked into . they do n't pay attention at the car 's cleanliness and small spots on the car are always visible . they just clean it little bit here and there . they are charging money for it but still they do n't clean the car properly and leave dirty car at my house .
water service need to do properly . car should clean before handing it to its customers i . e . on delivery time . we cannot able to do water washing of car hence we give it to dealership hence the dealership need to wash the car properly .
due to hurry while doing interior cleaning the cleaning part of that is not done properly . they do like this when they get more number of cars . takes long time to removing the painting stiches . services need to be done quickly .
they should improve the quality of the work and should use cream in washing so that car can shine
while washing car they do not wash on bottom part . thus they need to look overall and do the service properly .
they should improve on cleaning of car . last time due to water problem they did not clean my car properly . they should store sufficient water for cleaning and they should clean vehicle properly .
they don \? t polish our car properly . we have to stand on their head to complete the washing properly . they just say we will wash your vehicle complete but this is happened from last 2 service with me , they said they will wash car completely but when i went to take car near 4 5 pm they say polish of car is pending . we have to stand there and forcefully we have to tell them to complete service . we want them to do proper polishing of vehicle . it is ok if i am going i will do it forcefully from them but if my drivers go to service centre car will remain the same even after service .
there are less cleaning equipment and facilities in the service center due to which the car cleaning is n't done properly .
1 \) they have to change the washing staff 2 \) they have to increase the service advisors . 3 \) they have to provide supervisors .
1 . they have to clean the interior parts
the staff of grand toyota are n't proper and they never clean the car . even if we give them our car for servicing for 2 3 times they never do the servicing properly . since the time 20 , 000kms servicing is done there is something or the other in the car which does not work . the rearview mirror has stains on it and we always have to tell them to clean it . but later we have to do it ourself . they should be trained properly regarding the cleaning of the cars .
they should more focus on internal cleaning of car . in charge of dealership should check full car from inside also before deliver car to customers . technician do their work but in charge should take final step . if they found any problem in cleaning , they should give car for cleaning again . it will be very good if they do like this .
i am little sad with the condition n cleanliness of vehicle . reason behind my sadness is they took normal cd from my sound system after that i was having some important thing in my car they also took that and took some changes rupees from the car . i have suggestion that your staff should work smartly . all the things in car should be return to the customers . work should be complete on trust base . if we ask for oil change but oil is good or little down , they should top up that oil . diesel engine have lots of different if we put new of old it won \? t feel changes . they should forceful tell them that customers not should face any problem . if you found anything in our car so this is your responsibility to put that thing as it is on that place .
they do not do the service properly for what we say . even a small problem as well we mention to them need to resolve it promptly .
they not done a car washing prospered way another which service they provide , which is very good . many time when i gone outside with my car that time . i saw water stain in my car , and inside a car also dust or water stain remained so they should clear a car properly and also inside a car they should work properly . another service is good we are satisfied but only we faced problem in cleaning service .
we are giving the more amount for water washing , but they have to do proper cleanliness of water washing to the car
after servicing my car , cleaning should be improve . there workers are not properly washed car . while they are washing car then , we are showed dust , after they are washed it properly . hence washing should be improve
they should clean car properly .
they should clean the vehicle properly
there should be transparency at the time of servicing . like changing of parts . they should keep record of parts which parts are damaged . some parts they written it but also disappear .
car condition and water wash in anaamalai dealership should be improved because after the water wash of the car , the stain remains the same in the glass . in galas there is dot dot even after water cans with the clean water they should wash the window glass of the car .
they have to do the proper water washing and cleaning of the vehicle
they should give proper attention on cleaning of car . before hand over the car to customer they should check it properly .
1 \) before delivering the vehicle once again they have to clean the vehicle .
vehicle should be clean properly
they have to do the proper water washing and cleaning of the vehicle
after servicing our car they should be properly cleaned our car . if we are told them our car is not cleaned properly but they told us \? we clean like that only . so i complained some times for cleaning purpose but not response for me . so it should be improvement .
when i give the car at service center that time my car was cleaned but when i taken from there that time it is dirty , i am clean my car properly they make dirty . my car engine also not clean when i told to them to clean it but they not did the same . these things must be improved .
water service must be improved . interior cleaning should be do properly then i will go for it next time , they not properly check when i leave the car at service center they don \? t know what they do .
dust is remains same , after clean the water still dust not clean . they must do the cleaning properly , it should be doing properly .
cleaning of the car was not proper . they do not do cleaning as per the requirement . the cleaning is compared as per what the driver do . they should do all the things properly . like back side portion of the car needs to be cleaned properly . they do not open the dekie for cleaning purpose . i had done dry cleaning for my car it means that interior parts and outside parts need to be cleaned thoroughly . but when i checked the interior parts stain remained the same then i showed to them then only he cleaned in front of me itself . he was not cleaning but just sawed and said \? sir some of the stain remains the same \? . they know what material should be used for cleaning the dust . if the customer paying for dry clean then he should get that clean . the service center should know how to clean this .
they not clean a car to an inside and also they not clean dashboard in car they not used cream to clean seat cover . where is soil have in car which was remained like that it was not clean it in car had stain which was also clean it much batter then we clean our car an outside they clean much batter compare to service center people .
servicing quality should be improvement . after washing our car it had remains at dots of water . so it should be properly cleaned .
they should do washing properly .
not properly washed my car also left side window not washed , so , washing should be improvement
they should clean car properly .
they should wash car properly .
they should clean car properly . sometime they not clean car at all of we keep in service center they gave as it is .
you should have skilled labor not unskilled labor . because of unskilled labor physical damage happened . they should have good product for cleaning like vaccume cleaner process should be fast not manual process .
workers should clean a car properly .
after servicing they give car to us . they should improve the condition of car . we found scrateches on car . so they should do work properly .
washing should be doing properly .
they are not proper cleaning for interior . 2 . vehicle getting the scracks
they should clean a car properly . which small small thing have in car those should be clean properly .
1 \) the cleanliness and water washing is not good , due to more vehicles , so they have to increase the service centers .
in this service center whatever we say the same work are done . they don \? t apply their own brain . they should work as per their own brain . like if there is a dust in desk board then it should be cleaned .
full water wash should be provided while servicing the car . a . c wiper cake small place also needs to be cleaned properly cleaning with hand placer needs to be cleaned properly . cleaning with hand place needs to be cleaned problem there should be no space for that .
the washing is not proper every time , all times there were washing problem . hence it should be improvement .
cleanliness of car are very poor , we pay for cleanliness for our car , so if we tell anything to them about cleanliness then they told , our advisor which way told us like that we do . it 's our car , we pay the bill , so they should concentrate to us not to any one . they not have talking way and also cleanliness also not there . i done my innova car servicing in uttam toyota , there staff are very good and also they do proper work grand toyota dealership people should talk to a customer to proper way and also they should clean a car properly .
there is a problem in cleaning but it will be convenient if location comes in bhuj . if they did any mistake , so they should improve there self after all we buying costly car .
cleanliness should be doing properly . who doing a cleaning . those was not done a cleaning properly .
which dust had an inside which should be clean properly .
the washing should be clean and it should not be said by us again and again . while washing the car , if there is things inside they should keep it inside and handover to customer .
while we are giving our car for service at that time it is clean but returning back there was a oil stain in the set if we ask they say some different answer they charge spate for interior cleaning . we have given for regular service . the apply greece in the car at the same hand they return the car it should cleared . haven \? t done the service from outside . when we compared with the market the company standard service is good . the charges are fixing as per your service .
they had not done cleaning properly . they should do it in better way .
there service was good , but , cleaning and washing are not proper , hence it should be improved .
car window was not cleaned . cleaning was not done properly the interior part of car was not cleaned .
after servicing my car they do not properly clean and wash my car
the cleaning is not proper in service centre . they do not apply paper in mat while cleaning . washing are also not proper . their was a mud stain on my car .
if should be improvement in cleanliness .
they not check an inside a car after servicing they should check a car properly to an inside because when we done a servicing that time dust was remained like that an inside a car so when we informed them after that they cleaned it but it should be not happen before hand over a car they should check a car completely .
proper cleaning require during servicing
while the service done they should self drive and then handover to the customs . we drive at high way so that is a problem we use to come this with the service center .
the staff over there takes more leave . the staff is very eland they should increase the staff . the washing needs to be done properly and in a standard from . the service wo n't take much time as compared to washing time .
they should clean the car properly .
they have to do the proper water washing and cleaning of the vehicle
after delivery when i check the car cleaning not done completely . actually there is a water problem so they not clean it properly .
which have there washing staff and after washing which staff have for cleanliness they should them . another then they should appoint supervison on them and should concentrate on them which way they work and what they do which is proper they stands a car an outside customers also stand an outdi , then they give a car key to a customer . washing staff should concentrate on them work . if they do like that , so it will good .
car condition and clearance car interior part was not cleaned properly they should clean neatly then it will be fine . other services are good .
no improvement require
at uttam toyota service they work as per the government office . the person are spending for that they should work properly as per the customer needs they need to be satisfied .
if the customers are saying that this area needs to be cleaned but they don \? t do that . they don \? t deliver the car at given time i said there is a mud in tank that place they have not cleaned . the just clean for the sake of cleaning . if they are painting on underbody the that paint is colored on that ring also that thing also not taken care . if they are painting on fortuner car it will be hurter so much . they don \? t care for the customer cars . they just apply the wax for formality in desk board . they don \? t clean the entire car deeply they just format from the outer side of the car . in service center there is good equipment for cleaning the car like vacuum cleaner then also they won \? t clean it thoroughly . the honda servicing is good as compared to toyota . the staff use stereo for cleaning purpose . the streak are pushed very has at the time of cleaning . i have service center the staff are very less . there is only one staff in washing area the pressure is fully on that one guy he is also an under staff only .
they should more concentrate on cleanliness of car
they did not wash car properly stain remain same on the car . they staff should wash the car properly .
while car cleaning the oil stain remains the same and it should be improved . customer response is not proper .
the workshop manager who looks after cleaning of car so they should look after it properly . i had given my car for cleaning there was some dust . so it was there responsibility to see after it .
washing should be doing properly .
car condition and cleaning needs to be taken care by the service center . the car cleaning needs to be cleaned properly . it should be in ok condition . in which the customer should be satisfied .
there have water service facility so there should be have water service facility .
they should clean a car properly .
staff is not good in dealership . they tell us something and do different things . the work they take should be done on time . the washing is not done properly . they just clean with the hand cleaning needs to be done properly . i also has mahindra car their washing system is good . the service center of mahindra washing system is proper they clean from front and back clean is good in mahindra service center . the rudra toyota spray gun is from both the side they clean and mahindra washing system is proper . the toyota management director they should put some pressure on their staff . is the customer happy or the service center if they bring their car for servicing \? if customer comes for servicing they provide tea \? water facility with that it is not fine . if we come for any work to the service center that work needs to be completed properly . if the part is not working properly that part should be changed . they should not do that it is not the repaired part . it should be changed so that the customer is paying for that part . the toyota servicing should be done properly this is the only one thing .
i went to service center two times but also two times they do not solved my car tires problem and they do not properly washing and painting my car . they should solve customers expectation . my car had front side track up they do not correct it .
in car interior should be have more dry cleaning .
they are not cleaning the car properly after delivery of car we found dust in it they should improve it .
the technician himself needs to clean the car throughtly . the car condition should remain the same as same as while returning to the customer also . full rush stain was on my car . my car was fully covered with dust . the technician should check the car for cleaning and then only return it to customer . then only the customer will be satisfied .
in lanson nandanam dealership the water wash is not proper like the stains used to remain the same . from a z clear water wash should be provided to customer .
after the servicing the car condition and cleaning need to it checked properly . at the time of car leaving at service center i said to them i am using my car for personal use . dark alone came so that full dust was inside my car . the interior parts what i said was cleaned properly but it i haven \? t said that i am using my car for personal use . so the leaving should so i request them to clean my clean properly .
they should clean a car properly .
after servicing our car they do not properly cleaning washing the car , hence it should be improve .
the noida place were located there the water tds are high . when they use for cleaning with this water the car is scratched .
no improvement require
they should clean the car with clear cloth
it was my free service but till the time they finish the service they have not clean the car and returned to me . so i complaint to the manger so he called the staff to wash my car properly . so my time was wasted . they should complete full service and the handover to the customer .
i went out at night time it was around 12 00 at that time my car break down . i made a call on 24 hrs service . they came and checked the problem . so that they said it had problem so they took the car to showroom the opened the dealership and the staff came and serviced within 1 00 they deceived my car . i had a good experience with calicut cherivannur dealership .
interior parts needs to be cleaned properly . the staff should improve on cleaning .
they should give same care on cleaning by dealership .
they should share the problems with the customers about their condition cleanliness of the car .
should be provide them more time for washing then they wash a car properly .
mechanical staff should improve their work .
when car go for washing , so there have only 2 3 worker for washing and also thee have lots of car , so they have to service all car and washing also . for this they take lots of time , so i washed my car an outside . they take lots of time and also they not washed a car properly because there have no time so much , so it should be improve and also worker should be increase , because of this they can improve their service .
they should clean car properly . there are again not washing the car from inside only washing from outside .
they do not properly cleaning the servicing car , they clean the car only outside but inside were not cleaning , 2 to 3 times i was taken away my car for cleaning only , but they are not properly clean the car .
washing needs to be done properly .
washing needs to improved . the should clean the car throughly and neatly . washing needs to be good the advisor who takes the car for servicing . he needs to give time allotment to their staff . my car was stuck after the servicing my car took much more time . it took 2 hours to come out the cleaning is not proper in washing . it should be cleaned throughly . it take 2 to 3 hours for cleaning the car but it should clean throughly . the interior parts should be cleaned . glass needs to cleaned . the polish needs to be done properly .
washing needs to be done properly .
they should wash properly .
i will never visit to this dealership . i will visit to other dealership .
car condition and cleanliness should be proper . they should explain everything to a customer which servicing they done in car .
avoid use of chemical , because after servicing my car it was good looking , but after two to three weeks cars body color fully damaged and there was a dots on the glass , so they should avoid use the body washing loshans while washing the car . .
water service cleaning should be done properly . oil and brake condition needs to check properly while delivery .
if the customer says the cleaning is not good then that needs to be taken car by the service advisor . only one time the car needs to cleaned properly . the customer do not want to visit again for the same problem . many times we are sending our car to service center . because customer has no more time because they needs to go out sometimes .
there should be improving in cleaning . cleaning needs to be properly done . the dust should be removed .
there should be cleaned skill or manpower , so it will be better . according to me i think they clean with the machine instead of man . if the man clean then it will be good . so , they should care this thing .
after servicing car condition and cleanings the don \? t do proper wash we used to say them about the cleaning . they should wash proper and then deliver the car .
toyota has more customers . because of that problem raised . because raipur service center has closed . so many car goes to bhilai because the customer are more . there is a problem in worker works . the human resource are very less in service center . the cleaning is done very slowly . it is not fault from service center . because in service center the human resource are very less and has more demand . because the raipur and the customer bhilar has not did service center because the customer is only the customer the service center should care for their customers .
i am not satisfied with the working quality . because the mechanic sits on the car with the hand full of oil and greece and same things are touched here and there in the car the black stain are visible in the car . they need to wear grouse or grown but there they wo n't wear anything because of that our hands are be dirty . at the time of servicing they should follow all the instnction and follow . cleaning needs to be maintained when the mechanic sits on the car so he should be very crane that the stain should be there here .
they not wash are properly but clean it . from inside the car when we open dikki . i found dust over there so they should give attention about that otherwise ok .
cleaning needs to be done properly . all the minor things need to be cleaned properly . all the time the dust remains the same . so that at night travel , from the car front mirror we can \? t able to see properly .
management should improve their responsibilities .
washing and washing team is not good . the dot remains the same on the glass while cleaning , then i took my car to private for cleaning .
after servicing they do not clean the car , the cleaning is not proper from outside , but inside clean .
they should properly check car before hand over to the customers
they should give attention to cleanliness of car after servicing . they should clean car properly .
car should be wash properly car servicing should be doing properly .
they should improve their service in cleaning . the workers who are involve in cleaning process should work under manager as the management should looks after them . there is not proper service . i felled they should improve it some word .
after the car service they ask for final and small small parts needs to be finalized . they should be very careful while asking .
car should be clean properly .
there should be good mechanic who clean the car properly . machanic should work properly .
they should do proper clean the car .
during my last car serving i was drop my vehicle in service centre at 8 30 am for servicing and i was pick my vehicle after servicing at 7 00 pm during this long time period they did not wash properly my then i called service staff told and showed him how they wash my vehicle \? then the clean it during servicing the vehicle they need to struck supervision by their technician or saviors .
they should clean car properly .
after servicing and cleaning the car needs to be check thoroughly and the deliver the car to the customer .
dealership should clean a car properly because they not clean a car properly .
which they done a cleaning in car , which should be improve always we have to tell them which was clean or not . then done a cleaning but after told them . because of it we have to wait there . when car came an outside after servicing then we checked a car than we told them it was not clean . then they do it . they should clean a car before we told them advisor should take care about customers have no complaints they should not doing one mistakes again and again then they said sorry that \? s why they should consent rate in cleaning .
cleaning needs to be done properly . the vacuum is not proper . at small place also the dust remain the same so it needs to be cleaned properly . they should take cars o this part .
at the time of service they are not clean the car . the 1st service was free of cost but they don \? t complete all the work at the time of service . he said me all service are chargeable . they just change the oil and other work remained the same . on free service all facility needs to be available the should work properly .
they should clean a car seats properly .
they are not cleaning the car properly . i had given complaint also . they are not cleaning the car inside . they clean only from outside .
after servicing before giving car to customer they should check car properly that all the work done correctly or not .
they should clean and wash the car properly they should systematically clean the car . so customer don \? t have to complaint about the work their should be one advisor or supervisor who look after the work .
at the time of water servicing they should clean car down parts properly .
after servicing on met they put oil or wax and it was looked new . but oil was spread in all seat . i told them many time don \? t put it . i don \? t like it . i told them to wash only and put in side then also they putted wax oil was spread in every place like on seat and door etc . there have no space to park a car they inspection a car an outside it was not good they should have more space for car servicing .
i gave my car on express service at nandhavanam but cleaning was not done properly . the dust remained the same in the car .
cleaning needs to be improved and they do n't do vacum in interior parts . we said to them but till now they have n't did it . they just clean the outer position interior part remain the same . it should be improved they take full charges from their customer so the interior part should be cleaned . they do n't do proper vacum for seats . proper cleaning needs to be done to car .
they should properly clean the car . there should be one supervisor who look after the cars while servicing check the car after servicing .
they do n't clean the car properly after the servicing completed . if the dust is at outer side then it is well but the dust remain the same in interior parts also . but the mat inside it are not cleaned properly all the dust remain the same . if the customer is reaching to the gate they should clean the outer position once again . the should check the interior parts are cleaned or not . all the things are needs to be available there and they need to charge more things . so customer feels that servicing done perfectly . they should clean car properly before giving it to customer .
condition of car and cleanliness also should be improve they not doing washing properly . last time i paid rs 2000 for an internal interior clean . for this i am very dissatisfied much batter then i clean my car at my home . they throw a water on car after that left like that so nobody go there before it it . was not like that i spent there 3 years before it . was not like that i spent there 3yeras for car servicing day by day their servicing graph was down for this i am very dissatisfied . we had go there 3 4 time for one work .
when they wash the car glasses should be clean properly there are water marks on the glasses .
they should do free of cost servicing on periodic service time .
which i taken one hour servicing which was not proper they should concentrate on interior cleaning .
one time when i visited for car servicing they not clean my car properly inter cleaning should be done properly .
must important suggestion that , any service center giving importance to every customers , this is the most important thing company can have service with the customers , then customers becomes very happy . last time my experience was not satisfactiory for me . they did not do what they promised even second time when we called they said , they will clean the car give but they did not do . they just did wheel balancing wheel alignment gave me the car back , which was very bad . so all staff should be co operative with the customers not only technical staff in toyota .
after servicing the car needs to be cleaned properly because they won \? t clean from all sides . like polishing is not done properly or the car window and nearby side are also not cleaned properly . the dust remains the same . so they need to clean all the side and the cleaning needs to be done neat and clean .
they should clean car properly .
they should clean car properly .
the cleaning is not done properly we used to say many time for the cleaning and then only they do it otherwise they leave as it is when we say to staff about the cleaning they say cleaning is done properly dust is not removed properly he had impression are left as it . if we say them they medially say there is a problem in maslin they staff are very less in the cents , the use dirty cloth for cleaning . the chemical should be us dirty cloth for cleaning while returning from the service center the cleaning needs to be done properly .
they should clean car properly they should appoint quality staff whom have proper knowledge they should give proper attention to car servicing . when we visit jabalpur we don \? t have to till the staff to clean the car properly . when i visit to take the car i call them clean the car so i am dissatisfied .
they not clean car properly when i complaint about it then they clean it . front , back site dick not clean properly . if they take 5 10 mints more then also it ok but they should clean car properly .
they have to deliver the vehicle with proper water washing and cleanliness
