they should reduce charges of spare parts in vehicle .
servicing charges should be reduced . rest everything is fine .
everything should be checked properly during servicing and the service should be provided as per cost that they are taking . they should inform the customer by estimating the total cost , so that customer will carry money as per that or if he has the money then he will give the car otherwise he will not give . they must accept cheque like that , if they are taken a cheque , when that cheque will be clear , then they will give the delivery . they have many conditions . they need to omit such conditions .
the charges are somewhat satisfying not fully . some spare parts like air ac , cooler , etc . which can be repaired , but they totally replace the parts , for which the costing is higher .
i think if they first held a meeting with customer about whatever work is there , they have been given an overall estimate but instead of doing this , if they will give each details of each parts then , it would be better and the matter will be clear .
the periodic charge is above than the market rate . it is many times higher than the market rates .
other service center are charging less charges as compare to grace toyota at the percent of 20 to 25 . so grace toyota also need to decrease their charges .
the simple maintenance cost is a bit high . i had to pay 5 thousand for interior cleaning regular servicing . if the charges can be rs 1 thousand less then it will be better for me .
charges should be reasonable .
they should reduced the cost of parts .
they are just making bills handing it over to customers . they are saying we did this , we replaced this etc . but not showing it to us . they should mention to customers what is exact problem in the car . also they should mention either we should do it now or done in next servicing is ok . when we are giving car to servicing that time they are saying charges will be 3000 rs . but when we go for pick up our vehicle that time they gave bill of 8000 rs . it is not good . charges are very high . as well as if any part in proper condition then also they are changing it .
no improvement require
at first we used to get smile card for 2 servicing which was worth for rs 6500 to 7500 for 10000 km , but now they have made it for 4 servicing and that worth for rs 25000 to 30000 which is for 20000 km . so getting the vehicle driven for 20000 it takes almost 4 to 5 months so our money is stuck with the service center for all these months . so i could not take this service . i take the service pack from last 4 years but due to this i am unable to take service pack this time .
they should provide discount to us
dealership should decrease all charges e . g . charges for spare parts should be reduced .
all material charges should be reduced and they should compare to other local brands in the terms of rate cost of materials .
charge should be somewhat decreased at dealership . charges for materials should be reduced . charges for materials should be paid by company itself .
toyota customers are going for servicing at toyota \? s service center hence they should charge reasonable prices . it is very high .
they should be do improvement in the charges . they should not apply more tax on the spare parts rate . also they should be provide details for the tax charged on spare parts cost .
toyota takes high regular service charges . they take lots of labor charge which is too costly . compared to other companies toyota taking high labor charges . they should reduce charges .
charges are high it should be low .
they should not take unusual extra charges .
they should improve there service charges . it is made by company but they should look into this .
apart from the servicing they should reduce other charges like washing .
i have not that much knowledge but they should decrease the charges .
compare to pervious services charges current maintenances services cost is high and if we ask anything regarding the exclusive cost they don \? t provide proper information to its customers .
charges are too high thus they should reduce the same .
there charges are high . compared to other service centers this dealer charges are high . there is no service center in aligarh . so the customers who come from very far distance they should take care of them . in small cities toyota should open small shops .
charges of the service should be less than rs . 4000 . also they should give immediate service . we have to wait much time to complete service .
they are taking high charges . earlier they were taking 4000 5000 for servicing but presently they are taking unto 10 , 000 .
the cost of spare parts in toyota service center is very high , whereas the same parts are comparatively cheaper outside . i don \? t know what sort of material toyota gives that the charge is so high . they should provide us a catalogue or should give a price chart on the board . certain regular parts like lubricants , air filter , oil filter , etc . needs price chart . how do we know which part is branded which one is a fake \? after comparing hyundai with toyota , the former becomes more attractive to people . males still like toyota , but hyundai is a more popular brand to ladies family members . the reason behind this is that the models of hyundai are more attractive than toyota . so toyota should make its models more attractive from outside like it should be curly , curvy , should have aerodynamics , etc . whenever people go to buy any toyota brand from the service center , they don \? t get their preferred models . but if you see in tata , ford , hyundai , etc . they have all sorts of models lined up in their service center . so toyota should provide more varieties in their service centers .
they should give proper bifurcation explanation of every service bill .
they should have a chart of servicing price at service center so that customer can understand the what charges they going to take .
service cost should be a bit decreased the tax should be included with the rate .
charges should be reasonable . servicing cost is high .
labor charges is too high because of good quality so they should reduce that
they have to reduce the charges .
toyota dealership need to take step on this by themselves , i can not say anything on this but i feel that it is too exclusive .
they are taking so much labor charges so it should be less and they should give discounts to the customers .
they should decrease labor charges and taxes .
they should update the customer about the taxes before taking it , and are taking extra 2 charge when we pay by our card so it should not be taken .
charges was high so that should be reduced .
no improvement require
they did n't took charges from me same way they should apply less charges to others also .
they should fulfill their commitments as they commit that they will take less charges in this service compare with last service but they taken the same charges .
before doing the car services the dealership staff need to provide detailed service charge to its customer .
they have to reduce the charges .
labor charges amount is high for compare to other dealer , charges should be collected value for project also reduce the charges amounts .
there are less then branches available at this area so increase the dealership branches in madurai to ramanathapuram city . that very useful for customers also save time in travelling .
if any parts are not to be changed genuinely they should not change so that the cost would be reduced .
we will happy if toyota reduced their charges . charges are reasonable but they should give more relaxation .
they should decrease the taxes .
services charges amount is high . charges should be reduced .
if they are deducting any charges regarding the offers then they should provide correct details about that .
accessory parts too costly . they could reduced accessory parts price . when i checked product price with your seller they had told me rs . 8500 and when i brought the same parts from outside they had took rs 3500 . same with the insurance prices are very high .
they should update all the issues which needed to repair or replace in the car to the customers at the time when customer giving them the car , as they updating the issues on call after we hand over the vehicle to them so this is quite difficult to understand that our vehicle really has the issue for which we are going to pay .
last time the charges which we paid should not be had taken from us . your product is new may be there is manufacturing default but they told us it is warrantor part , so we have to pay for it . spare parts price are high as compared to car price . if separate parts taken together and made car from it then that 's price will be 10 times . that 's mean to get money from customers by making monopoly for spare parts . spare parts prices are very high and they are not available in open market which creates monopoly . you cheat customers . material which we get in rs 100 in open market that same thing we get in 1000 from dealer . there is vast difference between prices our your and open market . for example , toyota does not manufacture all the products \( parts \) . like break pad they purchase from other company and they do toyota embossing on it and supply it . the same part it is available in open market at 40 i . e . 40 paisa and you are selling it in 1 rupee .
servicing charges labor charges was very high that should be reduced .
bill charges was high if compared to other dealership .
charges paid after servicing . it is much higher than outside . even in a normal service without doing any such things they charges around rs . 3000 whereas the charges of garages of outsides is much cheaper and they have a problem of electricity connection , so they should have avail the backup to manage that situation .
before doing the car services the dealership staff need to provide detailed service charge to its customer .
servicing charges should be reduced and reasonable rate should be charged .
they should reduce customer 's bill .
if we are doing the servicing from outside they took 2000 but in toyota service center they had taken 4000 . so they have to reduce the labor charges .
total bill was high . they did not adopt the proper bill and they are charging servicing and labor charges , extra charges are high so that should be reduced .
they take service cost higher than outside . for small repairs and for parts they take more money . they take 12 15000 rupees for every servicing . it \? ll be good if at least 15 20 service charge decreases .
they had extra charged for labor on every service . when we go for service they should first inform about amount .
they should give original parts . the charges of after sale service should be more or less same as compared to the outsides shops .
overall labor charges and services charges is high
no improvement require
the waiting area should be improved . i don \? t think that there is any waiting area as because i asked to sit in their showroom and the charges are so excessive and i think it is more than excessive and it should be affordable .
i didn \? t compare to other dealer even did not visit any other dealers shop but i think overall charges is high
service charges should be reduced and proper service should be give to customer
servicing charges is high should reduce .
they are taking too much labor charges , the should decrease the charges and should give us offer .
there is price difference for few parts between service center other shops . if we ask them they say its company price , then how can we understand actual price . you are charging for everything . then also for parts your are charging as per the mrp rates . your are getting this in wholesale rates every one cannot go to the whole sale market . we are purchasing car from you does servicing from you still you charge the parts as per mrp . i was planning to purchase tires of green stone brand but there is difference of rs . 1000 between your rates market price . i prefer to purchase anything from company only not from outside the market but there is lots of difference in rates . i . e 5000 for 5 tires . it is very big amount . i do n't have any other issue . all other companies are also having same conditions it is not only toyota . car is in cheap rate but the parts are expensive . if i compare the car price with parts price then the car price is cheaper then parts price if we purchase separate parts then its available in expensive price if it is with car only so its not feel so expensive .
they charge rs . 8000 for 1 servicing so they should give some discount to us .
charges should be reduced
they are increasing the service charges service by service so management should do something for it .
labor charges should be reduced .
the service center is so far from my resident . i have to spent oil for 50 km to visit the service center . if it would be near at jalpaiguri then it would be better .
they must reduce the prices
services charges amount is high should decrease the charges
for small small parts they are charges very high so that should be reduced .
i can \? t say anything know but they should reduce the charges .
i told them to deliver my car to my home after service and i will pay whatever it takes . so , if they will do the same for every customer it would be good . and the service that they provide should be improved more . there is a problem regarding offer letter . they didn \? t give it .
they have to reduce the charges .
they have to reduce the charges , especially labor charges .
labor charges should be reduced .
charges is high , it should be convenient for customers .
charges are less outside . it would help if they let us know for what they are taking such high rates . cannot say much than this .
they charged me more than the insurance . i took toyota insurance for rs . 42 , 500 . at the time of taking a new car , they say t hat they would take 7 days time for repairing . and what ever extra funding would be required that is 1200 , 1300 or 1500 only that much i would have to pay but they took car cutting and welding charges also from me . even oil charges were taken from me . all this should have been covered under insurance . even we should get the satisfaction .
no service available for car runned till 5000 km . i . e no changes are done like oil change or any parts change . they only give car wash service and some cleaning done inside the car but for this also they charge rs . 400
prior they committed charges something else and after it becomes something else so the charges became double or triple whichever they told to us . they should clearly update charges at the time of service
they should reduce the cost of pick up facility as they charged rs . 350 .
they charge more of the spare parts of the vehicle so i think service charges are very costly . we know that the parts are costly but the servicing charges which is from the dealer side should be reduced .
for servicing big vehicles they charge 4000 they also charge same for servicing small vehicles . so charges for servicing small vehicles should be reduced .
it would be good if the servicing charges would be reduced .
they should build up their infrastructure , as have lots of work .
labor charges is very high . they charge separately for removing nutbolt it is high comparatively more that market rates . they should reduce the rates . over all services are good .
no improvement require
they extra charged me rs 2000 by saying that my bill was pending for 2013 . in these 4 yrs . i went there 8 times . they forcefully made me to pay dues and they were not giving my car as well . injustice happened with me . after paying bills they use to give gate pass to the customers and when we return they say there is balance .
they must take less charges .
if any parts are not working that time . they should first intimate to the customers how much they are charges the parts and servicing charges should be reduced .
compare to other dealership this dealership charges is costly so they should provide reasonable charges for customer . whatever services are doing in showroom that should displayed .
charges is very high . for 1 clip they are charging rs 170 it was very costly .
charges should be less . customers must be satisfied . all service centers must sit together and discuss among themselves and take out a solution . prices are high . they must reduce the parts charges , it is too expensive .
comparing to other dealers washing services cost is high , need to reduce the charges amount
no improvement require
must charge minimum . i cannot tell .
they did not explained about the charges . periodic and insurance requirement should be update time to time . pick and drop facility option should be there .
bill payment counter staffs should attend the customers properly and a staff must be available at the counter also avoid the waiting time .
they should resolve the problems as per customer need .
labor charges is very high . out of the 13000 they 3000 charges as labor .
spare parts charges are high , so they must reduce . in market an ordinary nut costs rs . 7 here they charge rs . 10 for it . this difference should not be there . if parts order is given it is delivered after 1 month .
ideally the charges are very high in toyota motors . they have more charges for extra fittings etc . services charges they take till rs . 6000 whereas in maruti motors provides freely . similarly , toyota needs to give free services for such services .
service area is narrow it should be more broad .
they are taking more charges for automobile works so , they have to reduce charges .
usually charges are more compare to what they said before doing servicing . it is not necessary that customer go with card . once happened that there was shortfall of money so i said them that send someone with me at my home for payment . if we are going with rs 30 lac car , 5000 is shortfall our of 20000 and asked them to come along with me for payment so we are not traitor . they should have trust .
it always happens that if we take 10 , 000 then the charges are around 15 , 000 . it never happens that they charge 5000 to 6000 as it is always more . they say that it is manual charges or formality charges .
they are taking more charges , so they have to reduce charges .
the company should fix the charges in a way in which if they have less work than the charges should be less and vice versa . as the charges are fixed by the company so we can \? t do bargaining with the dealership .
it will be helpful it dealership open on sunday for half day .
if the servicing charge is within rs 10k then it is good for me .
must charge as much less as possible , labor charges are also very high . how much charges that i cannot tell .
they charged 780 rupees for vat service . charges should be reduced other company do not take such as charge .
car washing charges should be less . normally service center which is outside their rate are less . as compare to here they charge more money .
mechanical change should be reduced .
rates which have increased must be reduced . it would be good if they keep the same range as the earlier one
they are taking more labor charges about 15 , 000 .
service and rates should be improved . if they give proper service and rates then customer will directly come towards company they will not search any other option .
whenever i visit for re servicing they take near around rs . 3000 to 5000 . it would be better if they will take that amount if my car runs above 10 , 000 km or they should charge between rs . 1 , 000 1 , 500 .
no improvement require
labour charges should be reduced and reasonable charges should be providing to customer
no improvement require
compare to other dealer , labor charge is very high and they should not provide wrong information related to selling spare parts .
charges should be reduced
labor charges is very high . its better if they reduce their charges .
the service charge is comparatively higher than others . for small works they charge rs 1500 1800 . if i do this from outside then it costs only rs 500 700 .
for the service tax you charge . if we check in market there \? s a difference of 2500 rupees and from company its 100 . so for 50 rupees work company charge us 100 rupees . must reduce the charges . if same thing is available in market for 50 rupees and you give it for 100 rupees , that you must give in 50 rupees only . and must put required number of parts only .
if possible they should reduce some charges . they have increased charges which should be reduce .
they should develop the service center . location is ok but should improve in charges as they should reduce the charges .
for general check up they are charging 2800rs that was very costly so that should be reduced the charges .
service charges is high compare to other cars .
they should decrease the charges and should offer extra discount it their regular customers .
after running the vehicle for 28 , 000 km , i took the vehicle for servicing . even then they charged me 20 , 000 rs for that . i had to change the eye of the vehicle when the car had crossed 30 , 000 km so again they charged me for that . only for 2000 km they charged me 19 , 000 rs extra . this is the only problem so if they avoid putting unnecessary parts in the car .
they should take that much charge as per the work they will do .
in charges they should provide the rebet and should give some discount . as per the margin should provide the discount so that customer be satisfied .
if possible they should decrease the service charges .
i am not satisfied with their billing systems . i shouted to them because of over billing . if some other dealer will come then i will send car . the last time their bill had extra amount hence i shouted them , and then they reduced 100 500 rupees . they try to charge at most from the customers , transparency should be available . decision was given from the supreme court that if you don \? t want to buy auto part from toyota then you bring the vehicle stuff then they will attached the stuff .
servicing charges is high . if we have water servicing in other local dealership they are charge minimum but in showroom they are charge the servicing is high so that should be reduced .
they should lower the service charges . alinement charges should be reduced .
servicing charges should be reduced .
service charges are more . if we take oil service , they charge 1500 rs . they do not inform about what kind of service is given to the car and what all packages are included in the same .
they are increasing the charges of spare parts and labor , it should be less .
would be good if the service charges will reduce .
they had complete package of tech coating but they not give proper service . they do coating under area of the vehicle i accept that .
the amount they are charging is too high . it would be good enough if some discount is given on the charges .
all bills information should be informing to customer and charges should
its better if they reduced their charges .
labor charges are more so they should reduce it .
i am servicing my car after 3 years . comparing to other service provider toyota motors service charges is high .
they should give discount on the charges paid after sales service to the regular customers .
1 . they have to reduced the charges .
totally we have 3 free service in toyota but on 2nd time when i came for servicing my car they charged for me thus i asked for the refund and they said it was mistaken and apologized me also refunded the cash .
when we give the car for servicing at that time they give general service as well as they should see that the seat belt is proper or not . they should put payment customer rating for the service charges . they should improve on their charges .
charges is high . pad is costly . water pad get in cheap price .
accessories are very expensive . same thing is available in market in 50 less amount compared to your accessories . we are not satisfied with respect to accessories .
the service charges are very exorbitant , which is negative point of toyota . so the charges should be normal a bit
nowadays they are increased the servicing charges reasonable servicing charges should be providing to customer
full payment provision must be available in installment in cash amount . they take half half amount in 6 months .
every time charges are 1600 1700 rupees . general checking is ok but what checking is done we do not understand at all . charges are increased if kms are increased . bulb price is rs . 10 but fitting charges are 40 rupees on that also they will put labor and vat charges .
if we buy the parts of the car from the showroom then the rates are high if we buy the same parts from outside the cost is little cheaper . the toyota should reduce the charges .
they do n't know about taxes like how should apply the taxes and where to apply the watt even gm also do n't know . this should be educate to them .
they should take less charges .
they are charge servicing is very high that should be reduced .
they should give the vehicle within the committed time if takes extra time so they should deduct the some amount from service charges .
nothing
should clean car properly and provide us . they do n't clean properly inside the main door . there are some parts where we cannot clean but they have that stuff through which they can clean .
i think charges was little high i am not sure about that . i paid 8 , 000rs but i am satisfied .
charged rs . 25 , 000 . for servicing . compared to other dealer point which are much cheaper there they charge 9000 only . for changing of engine 12 , 000 to 13 , 000 is sufficient .
labor coast should be reduce . compare to other their charges is high .
if we keep our issues in front of them they says like keep your vehicle and go we will repair it . afterwards they inform us they you bill is 1200 or 8000 is happen . we are not satisfied with that charges which they are taking . if we ask why you are taking so much charges they says parts are not working and their could be a problem . they are installing older part of other car in our car and taking money . in the front of owner they should discussed about the problem and should inform about the money . if price of any parts is rs . 4000 they they took with us 8000rs which should be less .
they should give some free services like car washing or repairing any part in smile package .
dealership should not charge labor to each and every part .
they charged 1 or 2 so i asked them which charges you have charged me . so they told me some of charges they charged . again i asked what you have done in this . then they explained as they have done some windows cleaning so i asked them do you have done rs 1500 work \? charges should be reasonable and should reduce . after my discussion they did not take that much charges . for 4 windows no one can given rs . 1500 .
they are charge small small parts like 200rs but outside dealers are charge 50rs only , so that should be reduced .
service charge should be decreased .
the dealership less to improve the service charges themselves
they should take normal service charges and should not take tax on all small things .
1 . they should have to take the reasonable charges based on market .
nothing
inova peoples told me after 80 , 000 km have to do servicing for that charge which they took its worth , but the labor charges which they applied it was high . for one service they took 18 , 000 labor charges . they should do some improvement in this .
the charges paid after service is too high . it is need to be improved . service is taking delay to receive the vehicle
whatever charges i paid for last service , i am not satisfied with that , it can be more less they can take but also committed me next time my charge will be get discount
maintenance charges is very high and estimated cost is also very high . staff have no proper knowledge about the servicing charges .
they have to reduce the labor charges and service tax
they charge more for car washing . this should be reduced .
service charges should be reduced . they should provide discount offer to customer also providing free service to customer like car washing .
the charges of labor should be decrease .
charge of service should first tell before charge .
they should improve on the services charges . as last time they had charged 7000 rs for servicing which is high . but prior they used to take 3500 rs . charges should be increased but it should not be doubled instead it should increase slowly . like 4000 then 5000 , 6000 so on . but if it is directly 7000 then it very high for us .
according to the last charges i cannot comment but the charges should be reduced the working speed should be maintained .
charges of toyota is high as compare to other which should be less .
it would be good if the tell in advance about the charges for servicing .
if any parts of car get damage then they immediately apply a charges . why they taken charge and why they applied charges they do n't say . if they are applying charges high the their should be n some changes in car .
staff are not giving proper information about the servicing charges and charges should be reduced .
they should increase the cash counter as because the rush we need to wait there for billing .
too much tax is charged . even labor charges are high . they take lot of money
they should improve in the labor charges taken . many cars go to get service in private service centers less vehicles come in company service centers . so if they improve more than more vehicles will come for servicing .
i ca n't say anything about it , you thinks how to improve it .
if you can do charges less should do . service charges should be less . in the local market price is very less and at here they are taking high . in local they are taking 500rs then here they are taking 700rs . the thing is that in local market they gives little late vehicle and here they provide early .
in the last service they charged me more service tax so this should be reduced .
the should take the charges on 2000 or 2 , 500 only normally for servicing . because they takes 4 , 000 or 4 , 500 .
servicing should be fully free they should not take charges for engine oil also .
they should ask the customer before taking the charges as they are just confirming .
servicing charges is very high so that should be reduced .
18 , 000 19 , 000 charges is high which should be less . charges of servicing is high .
servicing charges was high . should reduce there service charges .
they should reduce the service tax . also the service charges should be less . improvement is required in this part .
labor charges is very high it should be reduce . they had told me charges is toyota company fixed so toyota should reduce their charges .
labor charges are very high . labor charges are higher than parts price . it should be reduce .
they should reduce the service charges . improvement is needed in this part .
it would be good if they reduce their service charges little bit less .
for oil change out sider charge rs . 1500 but here they direct charge rs 2000 3000 . having income tax on car washing service charge . due to this they charge double .
service done by them is good but ask to repeat the same service again so this should be avoided .
they take service charge and after that also they separately take charges for greasing and charge separately for servicing . in that they charge different for greasing and servicing . their servicing has different p package in which they have labor charges . they add small small items also in that . after adding the service charge and service tax the small items also become a big one as they add in that .
they should be reduce service charges . also pats rate should reduced
charges are too exclusive , in toyota motors . last time they charged me rs . 7100 said that some parts were repaired and changed the parts without my intimations . i went to withdraw cash and also they haven \? t showed the old parts to me which was replaced it with new one . ideally the technician should show the part and need to tell the prices .
they should present maintenance bills estimation .
their charges should be low . they changed break pad so they made a payment around rs . 6000 . is it really this much expensive .
they take more charges for general checking service . this should be reduced .
some of the parts has been not made by chaudhary toyota so the same parts are getting in market with less rate . so they should also offer in same rate . they are having lots of price in showroom . charges should be reduce . they are putting price on car crome them self only . though the parts are having mrp still they put the price them self and if we search online crome so we found lots of difference in that price . if it is available online rs 2000 then it is available in showroom rs . 10000 . why such a big difference \?
service charges is very high so that should reduced .
we wish to they should charge minimum that \? s it .
charges should be reduced . its ok
servicing charges should be improved
no improvement require
they have to reduce charges
toyota have exclusive service charges . they need to reduce the service charges .
service charges labor charges are high . they deploy more labor for servicing so if they reduce it then it will be good .
demonetization has been done there . and we can not do cash payment there . they deduct 2 . 5 charges on credit card payment . they should take a call as how they can satisfied their customer . i can not say anything on this .
service charges are increasing continuosly . earlier it was 2500 , later it became 3000 then 4000 then 4500 and now its 5200 .
service charges are more as they do not properly clean in the interior of the vehicle according to that charges are more .
all the peoples know about toyota servicing . but their charges is very high in market . servicing charges is very high even inspection charges . they takes 1600rs should decrease .
some discount offer should be given to customer and charges should be improved .
discount offer should be providing to regular customer and charges should be reduced .
the charge of service and the charges of parts even cost should reduce .
servicing charges is little high so that should be reduced .
they apply oil charges but i was knew about .
for glass cleaner shampoo they are charge 120rs minimum charges are 700rs if they are not complete the servicing then also charges so that should be improved it is happy for customer
i think recently they are increased the servicing bill . i always travelling in mangalore coimbatore city in this city spare parts , servicing charges labor rate was low but this dealership they are charge very high so that should be reduced .
the charges which they take for toeing the car is high as they have hired somebody for toeing the vehicle . instead they should arrange this facility in the dealership itself so that the charged would be less .
they charged extra it should be reduced . charges should be 15 20 reduced .
cost should be decrease by 10 20
their should be and discount in charges . charges should be less because we are not doing service in local service center . their should be an offer of 2 , 14 or 17 . previously i was having hand car they were giving offers . if we keep our car for 4 days in service center then they applies charges of that days so in that they should give some discount . they applies labor charges which should be reduce . to apply the stuff of rs 200 they takes a extra charges of rs . 100 their should be an some discount on that also for that they have to reduce the labor charges .
last time they took service charges 3000 rs . but they did not tell me what was the money taken for . they should at least inform the customers about what the charges are awaken .
service charges should be reduced .
they should decrease the charges of servicing .
they should charge less to the regular customers .
they should less the charges and service tax . they should update the estemate charges is including service tax
the should decrease the labor charges and taxes .
take charges but as per do the work also .
whatever offer is being given should be informed to the customers in advance .
if there is any repair for spare of the vehicle they have to change that spares and do the service
sorry , i cant say anything know .
i got some difference in the rates . last time i had installed left side glass that time they took 1600 from me . day before yesterday again i fitted another glass and they charged me 1350 rupees .
they charged more for policy i . e . rs 5000 . they should charge rs 2500 3000 . they should reduce those charges .
last they charged me extra over the done work . they should not do this .
services charges should be reduced as they should charge less for the parts required in the car .
servicing charges is very high so that should be reduced .
they should offer discounts to the customers .
they should decrease the charges of servicing .
they charged me unnecessary seven thousand rupees , i ca n't suggest but this is your look up and you should do something for it .
service charges should be reduced unnecessary charges should be stop .
service charge is very high that should be reduced also reduced the square parts charges .
charges are very exclusive as well as they should clarify or elaborate the charges spent .
all bills charges , service tax labor charges should be reduced
they have to reduce the wage bill alignment charges 2 . they are taking more charges
they take 1 hour to complete the billing part we need to wait for that . so they need to motivate the customers instead to making the customers so long .
1 \) they should include the vat charges in the labor charges
servicing charges labor parts charges should be reduced .
they are more taking charges for non appointment customers . they have to reduce it . 2 . they are taking more time in delivering the vehicle
1 \) they have to reduce the serving for the innova vehicles , so that aromatically the charges would be reduced
they should reduce the charges . they should give us an estimate value .
they should reduced the charges , they must reduced the minimum 200 to 400 rupees .
they should do the service for which we pay not told us for additional work
charges should be reduced and while comparing to market charges in other dealership toyota has high charges .
1 . they have to reduce the charges and maintain proper timings 2 . they have to deliver the vehicle in time
there is no problem in charges but they should provide online payment facility to customer .
they should decrease the labor charges and the cost of spare parts also .
1 . they are taking more labor charges . 2 . they have to reduce the labor charges .
the labor charges are too high and they should reduce it . the condition of the road is so poor . they should improve the location . they should clean properly the vehicle after servicing .
they are taking more charges . but they have to take limit charges for repairing the cost of the vehicle should be below 18 lakhs to the will be chance to take other person also
they didn \? t give me repeat money . they should decrease the tax . we don \? t get whatever we want from them . from the cost of rs 1 . 12lac they should take tax of rs 10k instead of tax of rs 27k . they charged rs 3k for bumper but for painting they \? re taking rs 7k .
they do not allow us to buy any parts from outside . they charge more for the parts it should be reduced . service tax charges is also high .
some of parts charges is very high so that should be reduced .
labor charges is very high for small small work they are charged so that should be reduced .
approximately the car has run for 25 to 30 km . while giving the car for servicing i had told them to exchange all the parts and for this they told me that it would cost around 10 , 20 , 000rs . i also inquired for the same service in other local service center there they told me the cost of 20 , 000 rs . this is a huge different parts are the same so they are charging more .
the charges which they take as per that should do servicing . during the time of cleaning i said 2 times then they cleaned the car . first servicing is manually cleaning which happens after 100km . service is good but cleaning would be good then as per that charges should be their .
charges is high should reduce it .
they should wash the vehicle free of charges and should not take charges for small things .
your prices are reasonable but everyone wants that price should do little less . how should i say in this they should do less do n't know about their interest . 10 or 15 charges should do less .
charges should be little cheaper . they should be give discount 5 10 on washing servicing and parts .
the should decrease the labor charges .
they should do the settlement and inform to customers before will leave . and they should inform by call if the charges is increased .
service advisor should suggest correct points to the customer .
they are taking too much charges so they should offer some packages to the customers .
they should not take high charges and should offer schemes to old customers
tesal coding charges are too much , it would be good if reduced
1 \) they are taking minimum 10 , 000 charges for small repair , so they have to reduce the charges .
they should take only estimated charges which they update the customer before servicing .
labor charges should be reduced . suppose we take any 1000 rupees part from toyota they take labor charge i don \? t understand why they charge high . labor charge is very high .
last services charges were high so they should reduce the charges .
if they are applying tax and all then reduce it or applying tax on stuff the reduce it . i had purchase few stuffs on that they charged rs . 2000 which was high . last time the claymore policy charged 2 , 500rs this time rs 3000 they took . 10 should be off some amount should be less .
charges are too high . work which can be done in 20 30 thousand from outside here they charge 80 90 thousand . charges are very high
they applies little more charges for labour . according to current charges they have to decrease 10 .
i have some problem in charges because break liner of my vehicle should be long last till 10000 km but they said you have to replace and buy new break liners so i said to replace break liners . liner which can use still they said me to change then and charged for that . technicities should check if this is working then they not should force or suggest us to replace .
they should decrease taxes .
1 . they are taking more charges when compared to other service centrists they have to reduce the charges .
charges are high . labor charge is very high . if any customer went there they should not think that dealership take charges high . charges should be reduced .
charges are too high . need to reduce the same .
they should decrease the charges
they should not take too much charges .
labor charges and service is high it should be reduced .
compare to other dealership sharayu dealership labor charges is high . they should be reduced labor charges . labor charges should be reasonable .
for small work also they takes 2000 rs . i am not satisfied , servicing charges should be less . behave should keep properly .
they should decrease the labor charges .
some of parts they are charge very high so that should be reduced .
servicing charges is little high that should reduced .
the amount they charge was fine but still some of them feels that it should be less even i feels sometime that charges should be reduced
charges are high . tax and labor charges should be reduce . they are taking more charges for small small work also . if the bill amount is rs . 15 , 000 then they should reduce rs . 2 3 thousand .
if we pay them heavy charges for solution of the issues so those particular issue not come again .
charges need to be mentioned over the board so that the customer will directly read and know about the charges . staffs are frequently changed in dealership thus the charges are as well changing as per the staffs . some will say less and similarly other staffs mentions high . those who are rich in the society they can easily pay the charges whatever it may be but we people like middle class cannot afford such amounts . already we have purchased car from taking loan etc . some of them pay the charges via cheque or credit cards but we always pay by cash hence the shuffling of charges amount i felt high . it should be one and similar always thus , write down all the charges amounts over black board .
charges are too high . it would be good if they reduce the same .
they are taking too much charges so they should offer some discounts to the customers .
they charged me 7500rs for last service . parts are very costly . charges should be less . if i calculate the price then a wheel cap cost me 500 by adding tax it comes around 550 and for all the wheels it goes to 2000 . whereas in market maruti car parts we get at 250 300 . parts are very costly , it should be reduce .
services for oiling should be reduced . they tell that we have used polimar oil not general oil so charges are high . this needs to be improved .
they should guide customer properly . also should tell us that this much bill will charge you .
servicing charges should be improved .
they should decrease the cost of spare parts .
first things is that the labor charges should be reduce . i am giving an example if i do oil filter from out side then it will be rs . 130 but here your labor charges are rs . 1000 . there is big difference . if you only follow on price with the customer then its going to show the difference in your service . in your service and out side service if you reduce only 40 then also it will be extraordinary amount of difference . people will think as why should take service from out side will do servicing from showroom .
they should offer some extra discounts to their regular customer .
service charges are high . on the last periodic service , the dealership hasn \? t reduced any charges . if we want to replace the headlight the dealership should reduce some amount while charging to it .
labor cost is very high so that should be reduced .
they are taking heavy charges as compare with other companies so you should think about it .
the charges taken after servicing can be reduced .
10 charges should be reduce .
they should decrease the labor charges .
for spare parts cost is very high back side indicator little damage but they are change full sets of indicator charged 5000rs so that should reduced
they should give extra discount on charges to the customers
they should not take high charges
servicing charges labor charges is very high so that should be reduced .
charges are very high so they should reduce it .
charges which were charged last time was high . mainly they should reduce the labor charges they should tell the charges of the parts used to the customers . charges for the oiling is also high .
they do n't change the unnecessary parts and they have to change the parts for repair required .
if our vehicle is toyota then there is no issue in charges but they take high charges for other brands servicing .
they should not take high charges , also they should properly repair the car . staff should have knowledge of the charges they are going to taken .
they should not take inspection charges of vehicle .
parts rate should be appropriate . if company part is available , then do not fix local parts
they should decreased the service charges
they should decrease the labor charges .
they take advance of rs 2500 while taking the vehicle for servicing if the bill is of 8000 they took 6000 while taking the delivery of the car . they do not explain the bill when asked .
the charges should be reasonable and they are not giving the explain why they are taking that much charges .
they should reduce the service tax .
rs 30000 bill is very much high that is what i think .
toyota dealership needs improvement on the charges . charges are exclusive it should be reduced
they should reduce the service charges . labor charges should be reduced . parts which we do not get from any shop they charge more for that part . they should reduce the charges on the same .
while giving the vehicle for servicing the tell one amount for servicing when we go to take the delivery of the vehicle they charge some other price . if they tell the correct amount in the beginning while giving the vehicle for servicing it would be better .
should not take the extra money even should not keep respondent in deception should take the money which is applicable . the servicing which is not required should not take . near by 3 , 000rs 4 , 000 rs should take this much money only .
i have a complain towards company . for example , if we done service of rs 1 . 30 lacs then charges are not confirming they keep changing their service charges . they charge for multiple purposes so i request them to charge only once . if we have purchased any services , then they not supposed to take additional different types of charges for that service .
charges should be reduced .
i feel in this dealership charges is higher . they should provide service packages coupons to us . they should give some discount .
they charged for servicing it should be clear . before giving us bill they should inform us that charges of this thing is this much . they should inform for what thing how much they charged .
they should reduce the service tax . they take 4 to 5 thousand for normal servicing so this should be improved .
when i went to buy car dealership staff said parts of toyota vehicles are cheapest compare to other . they said altis corolla have cheapest parts cost but parts cost of innova is cheaper 20 30 percent than corolla . i am not satisfied with rates of parts .
they should provide special discounts for the regular customers .
when we visited the service center for any one vehicle part repairing or for replacement , they are saying to change the other 2 3 parts . .
charges are very high at here at this dealership . cost should be affordable .
they should do the water wash cleaning more properly . car should be wiped properly . interior service should be done less .
charges are little high . i think service charges are high . it should be little low . it should be reasonable . once i was in bangalore that time i was compare with them so their charges are low .
they should not take too much taxes and they should decrease the prices of break 's leather .
if my cars expenses are rs . 7000 so i get the bill of rs . 10 , 000 because there was many tax charges are added . and it is out of control of yours . you apply tax for each and everything . on labor charges bill also have applied the tax . should not apply tax on labor charges . they should introduce scheme . should give packages like smile pack and all . smile packages are offered earlier but now they have stopped it .
charges should be less
services charges should be reduced . they should not add unwanted charges like oiling etc . make the bill 14000 rs . there was no need of interior cleaning as my car was new . they should do the servicing as per the customers need requirement .
whatever charges you deploy out of that 75 is of labour charges . small small charges are high . labour charges are high . they should reduce charges . normally in outside market for car servicing charges are rs 300 400 but here it is 1200 1300 . for car washing you take 800 rupees . i don \? t understand for what you take 800 rupees . same thing we get in 100 rupees in outside . they can take 10 20 more than market rate but they are taking 100 110 more . charges should be reduce .
they should reduce the unnecessary charges and they should not use any expensive products for the vehicle without discussing with the customer .
for normal servicing they are charge 7000 to 8000rs so they should reduce the tax charges because compare to mahindra toyota charges is very high .
parts are very costly . in compare to other cars toyota has costly parts . they should inform to the company as the price of parts is high .
spare parts price should be less and they should not take too much time of old customers .
they to reduce the charges . and they do the work with quality . before changing the battery . they have to check the audio system mode
charges need to be reduce . their charges are high for servicing as well as for parts . parts are available at low rate in market .
they should reduce their charges .
your system is automatic . every amount gets added as soon as we write work need to be done in car . they need to improve this . suppose i asked you that brake has some issue then they will open up the tire but if before that they go to know that there is some minor issue and it does not require to open the tire them also they charge with full amount .
they should decrease the servicing charges
labor charges should be reduced .
they should decrease the labor charges .
they should take the charges only for the work which they did on the vehicle .
they takes a high labour charges . service payment is also high . including of outsider things , charges of here and theirs should be decrease . they are saying it is free service then also they are applying chargs . they had apply 1600rs charges they should take half of that amount .
labour charges is very high so they should reduced the labour charges . they charge labour for hour by hour . if they should reduce the labour charges then customer was happy .
service charges are high . labour charges extra parts charges are high . first i used to do servicing in lanson toyota but every one told me that harsha toyota is good so i started coming here for servicing .
i have innova fortuner so it would be good if they give conisation on the charges .
they update me some other charges but they charged other charges so such things are not good .
they should be maintaining the service history because my previous service i have to pay for same problem so they not to take for the charges of same problem is there .
1 . they have to reduce the charges .
we feel that the charges are high . they should improve in that . we have to pay the charges which they are asking us . they should charge minimum charges for permeant customers . those are doing servicing some times here and there for them they should charge them that rates only . they should give discount to the regular customers .
servicing charges is very high so that should be reduced .
they should decrease the price of spare parts and they should decrease the labor charges also .
they should have separate department for follow up calls of all process .
they should reduce the charges by 20 or 30
taxes labour charges is very high they are also charge for test driving . for one one parts they are charge so they should reduced charges of all parts other .
servicing charges should be reduced .
they have to reduce the charges . for small repairs are taking 600 inecluding to . we did not available all the instruments so that we have to visit konda pur . and instead of that all the instruments should available in that dealer ship
it has been seen that in every toyota the labour charges are high than others . and they should take care of the cleaning before delivery .
my servicing is still free but the estimated cost which they have charged that was around rs . 4000 so you should reduce some charges .
charges are little high . every time we are going there we are paying 15 to 20 thousands it should be reduce . it should be 10 to 11 thousands .
charges is high should reduce . if i do service outide how much cost it would be and here i am spending more as compare to their 7000 8000rs . the charges which they are taking currently they should reduce 50 .
for the servicing they are taken charges 1500 but actually everything will done in 500 rs so they should reduced the servicing charges .
the services charges are high . for dry pad changing doing water wash they charge 13000 rs . this should be reduced means they can give offers discounts which the can tell us also follow it .
charges should be less
reasonable charges should be provide to customer .
they should decrease the charges of regular service .
they should decrease the labor charges .
they can offer some discount bonus to regular customer who visit touching service station in every 3 4 months . i am not asking everybody those who comes always they should get discounts free service or bonus after 5 service . labour charge should be free that will encourage to deal with toyota . i am not saying they charge more it is reasonable but offers should be provide to regular customers .
the regular servicing is ok but the normal servicing the additional charges are there like if we asked for dry cleaning or doing add on job the charges are high for this . if they give the package then it would be ok . annually packages is there .
services charges are high . while giving the car for servicing they tell one amount then while we go to pick the car after servicing they tell another amount for the servicing . they should tell the fixed amount instead of changing the amount for servicing .
respondent not able to answer on this statement .
charges should be low it is very high . there are other workshops as well but they are not taken this much charges . before few years back nippon taken charges 6000 to 7000 rs but if we did same work from other center then they had charge me only 2000 rs .
labor charges should be reduce . i wish i got bill of less amount . they should provide 5 to 10 discounts .
if we compare it with maruti then their charges are very high . out sider are taken 2000 but toyota taken 4000 . it would be good if charges are reduced . whatever charges they are taken now , it should be 50 then we will happy .
they should update charges of spare parts to the customer before installation .
sometimes they are take servicing charges is very high so that should be reduced .
parts are too costly in the service center they should reduce the price of parts . 10 to 20 off should be provided to the customers
it is very costly outside it is very cheap . outside for service they do not charge high . charges should be less . charges should be less of special parts .
servicing charges is high should give 10 discount . the provide us bill of rs 25 , 000 30 , 000 .
i am not satisfied with service charges and car washing .
compared to other dealership the charges in this dealership are high . they charge more if any parts are to be changed .
spare parts rate is high , if we purchase the spare part from the company the rates are too high if we purchase the part from the outside they do not fit the parts
no improvement require all are fine
no improvement require all are fine
the tyres which i got it was very low quality and i have paid around rs . 13 , 000 for it . i had to change it before the due date .
the toyota charges 30 more as compare to normal work shop . spare parts and all others should be reasonable .
while servicing the estimate amount which will be charged will be 8000rs they said after once the wok will be done they will call us and inform about the same . so there should not be more difference between the estimate amount and the actual amount . because they said estimate amount will be 8000rs actual amount charged was 12000 to 13000rs . difference of 1000 to 2000rs ok not more than that . if they are doing some changes they should at least call and inform the customer about the same
they should update the customer 's exact amount which they are going to take for servicing .
the car business has been grown up and the qualities of the dealers service has been decreased , if it is a new car for some time it is fine as now i am using it for 4 the years than i am started getting more problem like in km like it is 80km i have drove it as i have got an issues like i was in vendral city that time my mirror was broken as i wanted it to be replaced but they didn \? t gave me pleasant experience like they told me something about the charge for 7000rupes for the changing of mirror which was very costly and when i checked in my own place in cochin there is one toyota they charged rs . 1000 for changing the mirror such type of difference are there as if they would have said truth i would have changed it immediately but i had to ride with the broken glass almost for the 6 months as i was not sure including the insurance so that kind of serious imbalances are there as i thing the quality of customer balance is been reduced as toyota business is grown up their sales have been increased all are much busy so the initial quality has gone down . we should get a value for the money when they sell the insurance they say every thing when there is issue and we go for the insurance so they say it can \? t be forwarded that can \? t be forwarded this that they start giving excuses as i am satisfied as toyota is a market as toyota engine is no . 1 as i have run 80 thousand km when i come to old car the sound comes from the car and busses are gone off but when i gone for the last service no one explained about this problem any thing but now i ma suffering from this issues , as both the busses had gone no one checked it properly and said to me and changed it as i had to come for a log drive from kerala to bangalore for a long drive and i had to ride with a sound .
labor charges should be reduced
they should repair the car properly as the taking high charges .
they charge more charges . i had changed the clutch pad for this they took 20 , 000 . they charge more for parts . every one works for profit but the percentage should be less .
without need they should not take charges , if its need they should take charges by looking toward customer vehicle . if need you can charge but vehicle is in working condition should not apply charge . for general check they apply a charges . if it is not necessary should not change .
they should response about the charges within 7 days . also they should response in our emergency situation .
they have to reduce the charges when we visit the servicing center .
they should not take the charges for general checking . they have to maintain the same amount of charges in all the dealerships instead of taking different charges
they are taking more charges . they have to reduce it . they have to increase the warranty plan package
they have to reduce the servicing charges .
charges are high it should be reduce .
labor charges are too much . they totally took 10000 for my last service , they should 4000 5000 rupees only .
no improvement require all are fine
they are taking more charges they have to reduce it
the service charges are high so they need to improve on the charges . they should reduce the charges in the spare parts which they change in the car . water wash service charges should be reduce .
charges are little high . service should be given by company itself . as per payment they take service should be given same on time .
they are taking more charges they have to reduce it
charges is high should reduce that . charges of parts is high outside we get in less price here it is costly .
servicing charge is little bit high . 10 to 15 they are taking more service charges . it should be reduced .
charges are high .
servicing charges should be reduced .
they are taking 4000 5000 when we claim the insurance
last time the charges taken for servicing was high they should reduce it .
they should not take extra charges on their estimated charges .
staff attitude is not well . they charge us unnecessary . they charged me for ac but they have not done anything still they charged for ac . they have not even open bonnet of ac still they charged 1500 rs from me . i don \? t expect anything from infinium . they not should make trouble to customers .
excluding the oiling services , they charge very exclusive on such things i . e . polish the inner , interior and exterior etc . it should be reduced and reasonable .
they are taking more charges they have to reduce it
labor charges should be reduced
break charges should be less .
charges is very high that should be reduced .
they had charged more in the last servicing . they charged 3000 rs for ac cleaning . they did not do the servicing completely after taking so much money . they solve the issue on the second time if any complaint is given .
they should not take extra charges .
they are taking more charges . depend upon the car condition they have to do the service in first attemptable not to the second time service
they should on the services charges as it is high .
service cost should be reasonable .
every time which who customer will be come to you for a servicing on regular basis so there should be special consideration means special charges should be available for this customer . balancing charges they should not give separate they should be include in this . in market whatever they apply charges of servicing so they should be compare to other market .
the charges are little bit high , they can reduce some charges
toyota is the branded trusted company so we purchased the car from toyota . we had paid 24lakhs for innova crysta and if after running 10000km or 15000km if it is getting damaged or after some kilometer the disc is damaged than we can trust it . disc , tier or gear should not get damage otherwise they should not put charges for the services . after running 20000km the tier got flat of new innova crysta . the tire should at least run for 40000km . because if the tire is not proper then our life is in risk , like last time of the person died because of tire blast . if it is unsafe then the trust on the brand reduces .
charges are exclusive hence it should be reduced
labor charges are more that material charges like oil charges . also should reduce bill charges .
unnecessary charges should be stop reasonable charges should give to customer .
price is very high , once i just had small accident there was small spot on bumper of my car nippon dealership charge around 3000 rupees they fixed it properly then i didn \? t go to the nippon dealership i gave my vehicle outside in small show room they fixed in only 300 rupees this is different . everything fine service is also good but there price is very costly .
we are not getting the work performance as per the charges we are paying .
charges should be less .
coast of spare part should be less should be reasonable . at least 50 charges should be less .
they are taking more charges they have to reduce it
no improvement require all are fine
charges charged for the services are high so they should reduce it . if compared to maruti it is 2 times more charged
they should reduce the price . nothing else .
service charges is very high so that should be reduced .
charges should be reduced , we have to pay 4000 5000 , it should be reduced i . e . 1000 amount .
service charges is very high so that should be reduced .
servicing tax charges should be reduced .
they should offer tea to the customer and should offer lunch in lunch time , if need they can charged for it .
service charge is too high almost 30 .
percentage of charges deduction is more . charges should be reduced .
there is lack of cash so they should accept cheque also . we are not defaulters , we have so any cars .
they need to give little attention that 's it . if they give us car after proper checking then it would be moch better
you giving one year servicing so they should be extend servicing warranty for 5 years like that . we ready to give money for that .
in spite of paying charges for servicing they are not doing perfect work . therefore , we have to visit again and again and if car kept in dealership then we have to face problems . if they charged for servicing then it is ok . they should give complete information to customers and if customer is ready to pay charges then work should done perfectly .
toyota is charging much price for this extra seating if we buy from out side to mean low more then 50 compare to toyotas price . one single line charging 3800 , 3900 like that out side it will cost near to 1000 , 1200 that \? s it .
they can reduce their service charges . as compare to other dealership chares toyota has exclusive charges .
charges should be proper . they don \? t tell us exact charges we come to know original charges after getting bill in our hand .
no improvement require all are fine
the toyota service cost is very less but spare part cost is very high amount . service charge very less only that i agree but spare part needs to be somewhat adjustment they have to provide . amana toyota should be more improvement in charges . instead of replacing damage or repairable parts toyota interesting to replace the whole part , instead of replacing the part so toyota people should try to repairing the parts so we also get benefit on charges .
spare parts rate should be reduced give to reasonable price to customer
they are unnecessary charges the vehicle service charges are very high so that should be reduced .
they should not take extra charges
they are give the better services for first 3 times services . they are not giving proper response . and they are taking more charges after 3 services . they have to maintain the same charges for all the services . they have to provide the dealership location at city out side the city . they have to provide the dealerships dirstic vise
the charges paid for the last services were more
they should not take extra charges
actually i have just few crashes front of my car and only for few crashes i have paid 4000rs it is not easy for normal people and now i have some other problem with my car back light when i have given to the estimate the estimate is about 40000 how can i afford it the normal people cannot afford this much amount .
there are charges very high . they should be given 3 everything service free charges . that is completely monopoly . they should given extra gift . more some board cover more some other extra seating .
they should be 1st informed to customer for prices of parts . and ask to customer for changing parts and can we changed it or not
only thing is that they must reduce the charges what else can they do
should make improvement in charges . new vehicle should not so costly even the service charges should be reduce . whenever we visit their they stay behind us to selling their product .
there must levy charges as per the service done . like that now whatever is there it is fine but little but improvement can be done . they must check the car properly . customers should not be made to tell them what the fault is . if customer is giving for servicing then it is your responsibility to check completely . they must pick the car and see if the radiator is in its place or no . rest all is fine .
customer would be happy if toyota can reduce their service charges .
service charges should be reduce .
compared to other companies their labor charges and parts charges are little high . this they must see that the cost they are taking should be reasonable . i feel the body parts are too much high compared to other companies
they don \? t do deduction in any charges how much bill is there we pay that much bill . i don \? t feel that how much we pay we get that much service they don \? t provide correct service
the should take fewer labor charges .
they are taking high charges e . g . they are taking 500 600 for just doors checking taking 600 for oiling , they increased the charge of low charges .
when this people gave us the car that time they said service charges would not be more than rs . 2000 but when we went for servicing so the bill they charged around rs . 4000 . it should not happened .
they should not take high charges on spare parts
no improvement require all are fine
labor charge should be reduced .
they taken 3000 rs for oil changing , they should decrease the labor charges .
there is manufacturing defect in the vehicle . 2 . when we are functioning the break button the front 2 wheels are getting crack so that i had given my vehicle for servicing centers . the service center staff should consider this problem in to warranty plan instead of paid service . 3 . they have to provide the service center near by city aria . 4 . they are to days of time for delivering the vehicle for small repairs
they must reduce the charges . like what is there in the market . services are ok . prices for parts must be reduced
they should do additional service in the amount of the normal service . they should decrease the price of the blades .
should do some modification in charges and should reduce the labor charges also .
charges should be little bit low
for small work like changing screws and all they must not charge us for this
i had purchased the vehicle last 6 month back . so for servicing . i had give the a c cleanness servicing they are doing my charges for us that . they have to give the free service for as an we had rectify taken
they are taking more charges they have to reduce it
we have i year servicing free if the car is new . after 1 year they take labor charges . they should give incentive on that as they should not do business every time . i have in nova since 2007 i am taking regular service from this service center itself . they should give loyal benefits for such customers at least .
for car nut bolt charges is very high so that should be reduced
service charges are high it should be less . oil charges should be less . even charges for spare parts need to reduce .
if charges will be more less it would be better . if oil charge is 2000 4000 rupees they charge 5000 6000 rupees from us .
they are taking too much charges . price should be less . i only changed brake pad and they charged 9000 rupees only for brake pad .
service charges are high as compared to other service center . toyota can reduce their service charges .
service charge is high compare to other vehicle . if we compare to outside dealer prices here are very high . prices are very different in outside and company . service charge need to adjust like outsiders . as per my opinion 10 20 percent charges should be reduce .
servicing charges is very high so that should be reduced .
they should not take high charges .
they should not take high charges .
i want to share with you that i am living in oman . at that country in free service they give totally free they don \? t even charge labor charge oiling but here when i went to free service they said you have to pay for oil change only labor charges are free . terms condition for charges fees in free services they said we give free service on 10000 20000 kilometers so it should be totally free .
they should decrease the charges
brake security should be avoided . if we have purchased something from the company like car costing rs24lakhs from toyota than for servicing they should charge less amount like 80rs etc .
servicing charges is very high so that should be reduced .
charges is very high that should be reduced .
they charges rs . 26 , 000 thus it would be good if they can reduce the same .
charges should be reduced . 20 to 25 charges should be reduced
they should decrease the cost of spare parts .
if we change any spare parts in car their charges are high for that which should be reduce .
while charging the customer for their service they can avoid tax on the small parts which are been replaced or repaired .
charges are very high very costly . charges should be reasonable .
they have high price compare to other dealers if we change in spare part in our car . just to change small singe part they charge bill of 5000 rupees so this charges should be less .
spare parts is very high so that should be reduced .
when we pay through atm they charges 2 extra amount .
it is very expensive the charges should be reduce up to 50 .
vat taxation is high it should be reduced because on an amount you put 6 or 12 vat is applied . other wise they should reduce the labor charges . comparing with market charges the charges should less applied in the showrooms . because the actual amount is 24000rs but after applying al the charges it comes till 26000
the thing which was in warrantee period they charged for it they gave free service , the payment which they charged should be taken again .
while servicing the interior part should be cleaned even for antenna your charging 3000 for innova but outside they are only charging 500rs , this are the basic things which i am saying . we like innova but the service charges are too high we cannot afford that
service charges are high it should be reduce
charges is very high so that should be reduced
charges should be reduced .
there should be improvement on the charges for servicing . it is high compared to market charges . they should reduce it by 20 .
labour charges are little bit high nothing more than that . they have to reduce about charges . i think etios is a small car the labor charges is very high . labour charges is equal to the oil price for service . if i am paying 1200 for oil for my vehicle in the periodic service , i have to pay 1200rs for labor charges also . they should reduce the amount it would be better for toyota
their charges are little high . they had changed the parts of the car without any reason due to which i had to pay . cost of spare parts are also high .
i can \? t tell anything about this .
they should reduce the charges little . first time when i changed the tires they took 1200rs but when i changed tires second time they charged 1600rs .
company should do survey as what charges are taking by other companies and in that charges what are the services they are providing . they should reduce the charges . like suppose its out side so no one can do servicing from out side so these people will get maximum customers .
charges should be limited . i have no idea but they should reduce the charges .
spare parts charges are too high they should provide 10 to 20 discount .
service charges are very high so that should be reduced .
the charges are too high already i m using innova as this is the 5 the vehicle all services are rs 4000 t o 5000 but is main service as it is for rs 8000 for10000 km they should charge minimum 5000 rs as before the cost of the vehicles is 14 lakh , 15 lakh as new crista starting rate is 20 lakh to 26 lakh
open end charges should be reduce . they were mentioned that 3 services are free , once there was issue in my car . glass was touched at somewhere so they was not included it in free service . they should reduce wheel balancing servicing charges . their condition like we have to buy parts only from them their charges are high .
when they changed my car 's clutch plate that time they changed 3 things so they charged for all 3 things they should charge only for clutch plate .
chagres are high it should be reduced . if they are working on bumper also servicing , then they should charge 1000 rs .
its charges is very high for the services . the charges are little higher as it is from nippon toyota but it from tkm . according to my opinion they charge rs 5000 for service oe else 7000 now i had to pay 10 , 000 rs .
50 charges should be reduced
they should charge service charges only the work they are doing not charge they should less the charge of tax related .
charging not taken more , but they also take the service charges , how much work they do that much charges they should take not take extra charges . 2 . you take how much of charges , but minimum charges should be taken
charges paid for service they do n't have enough manpower they should increase this .
last service charges was not reasonable . all customers feel like they should less 50 service charge from now .
spare parts charges are more like toyota innova crysta new model car launch in market , so old charges of old innova car parts not should be high this i wants to share with toyota .
while we are given bill receipt , they are changed to 1 . 50 percent
i drive my car 30 , 0000 kms only and i change the break pad . i had to spend 5000 rs for this work . this work was come very soon and it was very expensive for me . they need to reduce charges for such kind of work .
in dealership there must be an enquiry counter , where a person will be present to look everything . which parts are charges at what amount and how much works are done properly , everything will be watched . in a way like that the dealer and customers both will not get loss . we should get the exact parts as per the price . car should be repair properly .
servicing charges is much more , charges should be decreased
bill dealing is too slow . if it will be done fast then it would be better .
last service charges was not reasonable . toyota company need to start some schemes then other companies also reduce there service charges .
i think labour charges there more , it should be less , car maintaining charges should be decreased the company , one year customer taken the servicing to the car 10 , 000 km , should be discount the charges of bill
you need to work on changes . charges should be reasonable last time . i had pay 4 , 000 rs for servicing other companies are not charging this much . my friends have other companies car like maruti hyundai there servicing charges are less you labor charges product charges are very high . i will never purchase any car of toyota nor recommend my relative friends to purchase the car . if you search my car number in reload service center so you can easily understand .
the charges of their parts are too high . if any parts got damage , if they could repair the parts instead of change then the price could be low .
when you are taken the last services charges , that should be decreased also labour charges should be decreased .
last service payment charges are very high it they reduce labour charge then its good for us .
labour charges should be reduce .
they have reduce the charges . they are doing the parts repairing even though the repair is not required
they are taking more charges when compare to out side charges so , they have to reduce the charges .
charges should be 1000 rs . charges are high i went after 5 . i think because of that they took around 1500 . charges should be reasonable .
they should reduce service charges . all people said that toyota service charges are less but i think its not like that .
charges should be reduce
they are taking more service taxes , so they have to reduce it .
they should not take labor charges not charge for every parts .
charges are more you are taking double charges . if we are servicing car from outside their rates are very less . you should reduce rates and down scale .
labor charges should be reduce .
service charges very costly , it should be less compared to other service center here very costly . we do n't feel going to other service center . then , here , service charges should be less .
they are taking more charges if we are servicing from outside there is different of rs 2000
labor chargers are very high car parts chargers should be reduced . the car parts chargers are very high . \( p \) no .
the last service charge was too high . if it will be reduced it would be better .
they have to do free service instead of paid services .
the service charges should be decreased . the service centers staff did not changed , in between one year they are changed , a new staffs are not understand what is the problems of our car .
no improvement require
we need to increase warranty charges . we are getting warranty charges but still need to increase .
they did n't give me claim i have done insurance then also more charge from me . one side mirror is broken still they not repaired it .
they should tell the customer that which work they are doing .
charges should be reduce
charges are not satisfied their charges figure is not matched to other dealerships . charges should be reasonable at this service we wish to have service station here in our city . they should give prior service to out city visitor .
compare to other company service charge is more , if it is decreased then will be good .
no improvement require
car servicing time taken should be less . i will taken the car to servicing at the morning , all the day wasted at servicing centre . they should be work fast
service charges is more it should be lass , that 's why it helped used in tax . seat covers are not properly repaired . they are washed to the cars at big places , not washed at small parts . audio systems are not many options , in second round it noised , and not played
service charge must be reduced it is around 25 extra .
servicing charges should be reduced .
they need to reduced the service charges are little bit high .
charges should be reduce . discount should be given to the customer
service charges should be decrease , we get all small packages , its also free to wash give them .
charges should be reduce
should be improved in payment . if we are told them , and showed them cars parts problem then they are replaced this parts . it should not replaced . it should be repaired . one day i am showed my cars one parts problem then they replaced the cars parts , after i am showing other service center they are told me this parts till used in 5 to 10 years .
they have to reduce the charges . when we call to the service for any queries they did not given proper response
if car is small then they have to charge less
they are taken a c charges more
they should not increase the charges after servicing the vehicle .
they should give 10 or 20 discount on price of spare parts to customer . rathod service center not providing any discount . in mumbai panvel center give discount to customer . so rathod center also provide the same .
some original spare parts charges should be reduce . some price list should be published for spare parts
chargers of the part of vehicle should be reduced .
if they reduce something its good for us . like they are provide two water pouch , its not compulsory , when we go there another then they provide us such things . if they reduce the charges for such things . its good for us . another then everything is good . they should be reduce unnecessary charge not quality . they taken charges if they give car parts and free pouches . it should be reduced it
they have to provide equal charges in all the service centers of harsh toyota .
maruti suzuki car maintained charges are less then toyota , maruti suzuki is expensive car then also charge are less so you should reduce your charges .
there should be improvement in charges every time we visit to service center they give information about charges . charges are always increasing of my car it never less .
they should charge more for normal servicing out side that service charges were low compared to rathod toyota . they should reduced their normal service charges .
charges should be reduce
they are taking more service tax .
small work should be done at the time of major servicing .
they are taking more charges . they have to reduce it . when we the visit the customer and vehicle for any problem they should do the quality work provide then
the labour charges that dealership takes is too high . they do n't give any discount .
they are taking more charges . they have to reduce it . speed of service
at service center staff should be talk to the customer properly . charges should be taken less . they should not charges more .
they should need to improve in charge more they take extra charge for labor cost . they should be improved another than everything is ok
they are taking more charges . they have to reduce it .
servicing charges taken more , it should be less . they are not taken servicing charges below 10 , 000 . unnecessary telling this parts damage that parts damage .
service charge of toyota is too high . they need to keep a reasonable amount . they should reduce the insurance of car . insurance is too high . now i am hearing it will be increase more . if insurance charge will be high this much then it will be hard to maintenance a car . insurance of fortuner is now around 60 , 000 70 , 000 . it 's too high .
service charge is more oil filter an washing all that complete total charge they take rs 8000 to rs 9000 it should be happened rs 6000 to rs 6500
company package prepared wrongly , for that package they have to include the service also , oiling facility must be provided .
the normal charges are there , it should be up to market value it will be good charges should not be more than market value . that why satisfied .
they have to reduce the charges .
charge are more it should be less
charger should be improved at dealership . they need to charge 400 rs an 60000 km
they should reduce service charges .
they were charge for all small service also . they should not charge for small small services to regular customer . like , last time they charge me for my tire cover also . they should be avoid it charge from the regular customer .
they are taking more charges . they have to reduce it
they should be not take charges more then 2000 rs .
service charge tax is more , if it is decreased then will be good .
not only has small small problems but also only for car checking they take charges . they should be not take charges for small works and car checking also .
the service charges are too high . i used to go also in others dealer but their service charge and cost of parts are too high .
service charges is more , should be reduce it .
the labour charge which they have , if it will be reduces then it would be better . also the waiting room which they have , if they will improve it , then it would be better , for the owner of the car .
they are more taken laborer charges and it also takes tax . it should be less . remain problems they should be correct it .
the charge are two high as they charge rs 5000 approx . it should be near about rs3000 so that it would he convenient
they were charge quite high prices to all the spare parts . like outside spare parts were available at rs 500 or rs 600 but in toyota service center they charge for spare but in toyota service center they charge for spare parts rs 2400 or rs 2600 . means they were including labor charge also in the price of spare parts that is not correct . they should reduced it
they should provide free pick and drop facilities as they charge approx . 350 plus .
fitting charge and labour charge was too high . collect fixed rate without separate bill .
charges should be reasonable .
normal ordinary service charge is so high . oil charge and ac checking like that ordinary charges will be charge above 10 , 000 rs . will be better if rates are decrease .
they should talk according to the ability of affording of the car owner in this month or with in next two months . like the servicing cost was good upto 5 , 000 or 10 , 000 but the servicing cost of 20 , 000 is much high . in case of 20 , 000 servicing cost if the estimate cost with in 10 , 000 then it could be better .
service charges should be less . unnecessary they will take the charges . they should not taken unnecessary charges .
they should reduce charges slightly .
they should charge the fixed price for oil changing other small service . because customers also aware about charge during servicing
if the dealership will keep open on sunday then it would be better .
the charge are comparative same almost of maruti , toyota and many other as it is said that the toyota maintenance is less compared to other but it is not like that it is common as other , as around 3000 as they should not charge too much just for as change , water service and for water service they should change only rs300 and if there is a replacement of the part then it various then it will charge above 4000rs as per the part then it various then it filter air filter and so on and also the charge very according like above 10km the charge very according like above 10km the charges will be more comparatively
some thing like luxury things happens , like in my car nossel leader comes out in gair . so for this they told 2400 charges , i thought it is high . labor charges are high and product price . also high if we want to pay nossel and plates for this small small thing they take huge labor charges . for bolt all of small things for fitting they should not take . labor charges price of product in it weight plus labor . so they should not take so much price .
they are taken more charges , first they tell us less charges , after they tell us more charges . whatever it is how much charges first time only they tell us . then we will taken that much amount with us .
service charges should be less , they are told us always change very each parts , this will company 's rules . if they like this all customers are not necessary . i am only used my car . for this purpose i feel very bad .
servicing and labor charges should be less , they are taken charges per parts rs . 1000 to 1500 .
they taken servicing charges more . it should be less .
charges should be less
charges should be taken less . for different thinks they should be not take different charges for different services .
last time when i visit for servicing my car change my breaks . they change rs . 7 , 000 for the breaks only outside those breaks price were rs . 2800 to rs . 3000 only . infinium toyota really change very high price for car parts spare parts . if they charge high price in future also , then i am definitely think two times for change my car 's spare or not . because outside i get low price compare toyota service center .
no improvement require
compare to the other company they should be take normal charges .
they are get charges very high , it should be less , all works they are get charges .
labour charges should be reduce . it is very costly .
it would be good if toyota reduce the charges . otherwise everything is ok .
they should reduce washing charges . washing charges are more then other service center
labor charge is a very highly should be less
they should reduce charges . they take 5 , 800 rs for car washing outsider take only 200 rs .
their payment not proper , i am taken the battery . then they are told me 3 years warranty now my battery damaged . i am taken a way the battery , then they will said its 12 months warranty only when i taken time full payment given now when is my payment \?
they are taken more charges for all parts compare to other car , toyota service is much more charges , it should be less then we will be happy
there is lot of difference between the cost in compare out side spare parts .
they should be reduce labor charges they take more charge for labor compare to the parts of the car
dealership service center is very far from me , it should be near for me . and charges are day to day they are taken more , it should be less .
the past charges and service charges are very high like for periodic service they charge around 10 , 000 and with part it varies as per the part for the last service i paid around 10 , 000 to 15 , 000 something around . as for each break pad parts they charge rs . 6000 so , it is too expensive . they should give free check up and for the parts they should charge around 4000 to 5000 .
they are taking more tax for spare parts servicing charges are more so , they have to reduce it .
compare to other servicing center , charges taken here more , charges should be discounted . while we told them which parts are problem , then that charges only taken them , otherwise not taken . if they are taken less charges , when we will be happy .
service charge should reduce .
they are taking more charges . if any part is good in posing so , there is not need to change it .
labor cost should be there toyota smile pack should not be stop . toyota smile pack must be there twice in a year . car parts should not be costly . parts quality must in a good condition .
charges are very high . they need to reduce the labour charges other charges also . if you we failed to return the car on delivery time pick up on the next day then they charge labour charges for that day also . this should be avoidable .
change over should not be there . pickup charges should not be made . benefits must be get on labor charge . servicing packs must be getting on whole year . insurance must be get on servicing . seperatly should be charged the customers .
they are attached our cars spare parts it should not occurred again . service charges should less . if you are taken less service charges all customers are very happy .
service charges is more compare to the other company . 1700 1800rs is more for general check up . when car goes only one kilometer then we see clearly what 's problem in the car . if there has no problem like open the part but also they take more charges for only general check up .
after servicing which charges they take it should be improve . which parts damage in car , they not repaired . they change it . so charges will be high and also labor charge are high . it should be reduce . and also not change part . they should repair the parts
there should be have discount in service charges .
no improvement require
there is a some items considered in warranty , some other vendors provide some items in free . to others toyota dealership service center or inferior not provide free .
labor cost is more . reduced the cost price . where they take over charges their should be reduced .
service charge are taken highly it will be clear . after that the service person called they told were already informed about time . after that queries they charged extra without informing to us .
they should improve in charges also charges are more . i have two toyota car one is innova other one is etios liva . in my car innova car has not come , so much bill but in etios car has huge bill . when i drive the car for servicing then they told your car bulbs were damage take the charges for this . i do n't know it damage when i give my car for servicing then they put more bill .
vat charges are high . vat charges are 15 18 points something which should be reduced because i had got a bill of rs . 8000 in which i had to pay rs . 1200 as the vat charges . this rs . 1200 is important for us so if this charges will reduced we will get good facility . also there are many customers like me who are doing servicing in private because of this vat . when we are taking our car in private there we are getting the services charges just rs . 500 in that we are not been charged this vat charges . today the company in which vat charges are there , in that if we want square part or any original thing we will get but on that original thing the vat charges are there that is too much . these charges should be reduced so we will be satisfied .
they should be reduce the charges . which charges they take for parts it should be reduce it .
they take more charges compare to the outside . they are many time change the parts that why i again and again pay the charges they should be repair it . they also take a huge tax they should be take less charges compare to the market . almost 40 they should be reduce it .
they should give more details and more explanation on the billing charges that they make . if the location of the dealership will be in south kolkata , then it would be better .
service charge should be reduced
service charges are very high , they need to reduce the labour charges also . they staff need to explain the charges properly . all bill payments should be clear with proper information .
the charges they apply is approx . below 5000 like for just break liner checkup they cost rs . 250 or 300 and last water servicing they take rs . 400 total was rs . 700 so , i told them why just for break line checkup charging 300 . so they deducted and took only rs . 400 of water servicing .
i accepted bill amount to be around 2000 but it was 4000 . if the amount is less then will be more beneficial .
every customer who take smile pack their should be additional charges in that and their should be 50 of in all different charges
their billing amount is not reasonable . the labour charges of their including vat , tax the total charges is become costly . i heard that compared to other centers kolkata mahestala takes high charges . i think it should be reduced . otherwise from next time i will take somewhere else for servicing .
tax charge and ac charges are very high . that needs to be reduce .
i am not satisfied with chargers charge by the dealership huge \( high \) amount charged . it should be reduced
they take more laber charges while last servicing
the charges are not reasonable they should reduce the labor charges it is really excess charges which they take , which they should not take as all the charges depends upon the work and issue .
they should talk clearly without harassing customers . they are not telling what is the exact problem in even car is on warranty they harass the customer take false changes
they should reduce the charges that they charged for servicing period .
in other servicing center they are taking 25paise per kilometer for the servicing charges but her they are taking 50 to 60paise for per kilometer .
labor charges should be reduce . price should be moderate
service charges should be reduce .
toyota is vey costly . charges also very high company parts charges , labor charges also very costly . if it be reduce them it will be good for us .
charger chargered are more e . g . \( given by the respondent \) their was a complaint in cars door . they opened the door part just for inspection they charged for that also then told me that it should be replaced so they should have told me earlier about this or they should not charger for inspection
service center charges should be improve . for general check up washing they take rs 1900 charges . they are taking more charges for oiling they take rs 2600 filter they take rs 2800 . so it should be improve loss .
they should improve the service charge . they should keep the spare parts available . the bumper of my car got damage , more than 10 20mints i have to wait . if spare parts will be available then it will be better for customers .
they should charges little high labor charges and after servicing . they also high charges for other service like last time . i was change my cars wiper for that they will charge very high something 5 , 000 rs to me . they should be reduce their labor charges also after service cost compared to other service centers like hyundai , suzuki etc . toyota 's service cost very costly .
charges should take less
labor charges is very much . it should be reduce .
they should give discount to regular customer .
service should be free at the wed aliment . and charges should be less .
which work done in 20rs . for same work they take 300 400rs charges . car parts not available in a market that 's why we pay for this because its available in a company only . but they take extra charges for labour , they should be reduce labor charges . they should be improve in their service center . they should be reduced the charges . they should be reduce 30 35 charges .
a c compressor charges they are taken more . it should be less , it will be better .
tax is very more it should be less .
charges should be more transparent mechanical is not verified charges .
they should be reduced the charges for servicing charges is too height that 's the problem .
at my last service , spare parts and labour charge , they will take more , it should be less .
they have to reduce the charges .
at last servicing at first they told no charges will be taken after servicing told i have to pay some charges . if before servicing they told us about servicing cost clearly it would be better for customer .
the parts are very expensive above that they apply labor cost and 15 service cast and additional tare cost for 80 k servicing they replace the parts for that they to gave the total bell rs 28000 in that the parts change may be19 20 . it was oil change and tire disk replacement . they should not take the extra labour chargers .
general normal service charge must be reduced . oil charge a . c cleaning these charge must be reduced .
simple service also they charge very high . if they charges the parts then its ok but for the simple service they charge very costly . if they reduce it will be good .
service charge must be reduced it is very high
spare parts are very costly . we have to spend 9 000 to 10 , 000 rs . for servicing we have to pay 4 , 000 to 5 , 000 rs but this time takes 6 , 000 to 7 , 000 rs . it should be 3 , 000 to 4 , 000 rs .
labor charge is more they should be reduce it .
improvement must be done on charge . if we talk about specially aliment we can do that work from outside also but they charged rs 1000 extra amount for cleaning purpose . on that if tell to do interior cleaning then they charged extra rs 1000 . whatever charged they are taken on that compare they are not reduced the amount . cleaning charges rs500 is correct . they charged that amount only
as per the charges the world are not clean properly . they are giving many vehicle to one staff for servicing . they have to concentrate on their works . they have to increase the man power .
we are doing the servicing of 5000 km this should be improved they are taking 5000 and just washing the car minimum 500or 300 charge should be there . they are not doing anything just only washing the car and taking the charge rs 1000 this is unreal it should be 200or300rs i understand they have opened the showroom and swatting there , then too maximum 300rs is enough .
charges should be improve .
labor charges is very high .
the service charge is too high . they should not take charge in case of done some less works . in case of change one filter or one nut , they take money , this is not fair .
they have to reduce the charges .
staff should not give that thing which are not necessary . they force my to purchase 1100 oil they should reduce the charges .
charges should be consistent . charges not changing . it should be improved .
bill alignment should not be take balancing , they should not charge for cleaning they take charges for cleaning .
they should be reduced the part charges .
they are taking charges more , it should be less . they are taking unnecessary charges .
in charges they should give the discount . and the cheque should be taken rtgs system is very complicated .
you people should understand hoe the improvement do in charges .
they should reduce car parts charges and labor charges . they should take less tax from the customer and there should be privacy in online billing payment .
servicing charges should be less
before they told me they give free service , but after when i go their they take charges . for change the water rs 500 to 600 . they take charges for change water . i thing they should be not take extra charges . if they want to take charges then they should be not tell to us its free
whatever charges they are decided as compared to this it should be taken less percentage .
servicing charge are more because of contract . if it is from company then charge will be less
they have to reduce the vehicle cost . they have to reduce the charges
they are taking more charges .
if service charge will be within 2000 3000 , then it will be better .
toyota service charges are more they should reduce it .
they charging changes like commercial user from personal user . they should reduce rate of parts .
they have to reduce the charges for new vehicles .
they are taking more charges . they have to reduce it . they have to provide the regarding for vehicle working instruments
they are taking extra charges , charges should be decreased .
when i ask about servicing first time that time they told the charges will be rs 4500 . but actual bill come about rs 7230 . they should tell exact rate of servicing charges . nobody keeps so much money with them . people keep know by market rate . 3they should tell in detail about charges to customer .
service center people do n't take the labor charge in free service
service centre taking more charges , if this service we do from out side then there is lot of difference .
they said normal oil is good , synthetic oil is better and will perform more . i did n't understand about the synthetic oil and have n't got it . so advantages of normal oil synthetic must be displayed on the board .
charges should be low .
1 . in charges there should be improve . general we check up like oil any small things like nut bold for repair they take the charges they should not take it . 2 . for main servicing charges should be less .
charges should be less .
20 charge should be reduce
reduce the service charge
my car is new it has only one month . then also they told me you should change the oil of the car . it 's takes new charges but it 's my first servicing of my car . so it should be free .
charge are more . like they take rs200 but its happened rs20 to 25 . they should be have less charges labor charge also more car parts are postal service tax should be less its should have little bit concession
charges should be improvement . at least 15 to 20 charges should be reduce .
when we are booking to the car then they are told one rate , then we are taken away the car , then they told other rate . when we are given to the car at servicing then they are changing our cars parts , then charging it . they should be kept last servicing receipt . the servicing quality , and quantity should be good for there .
tax vat charges should be decrease .
more charges are taken , like laboring charges also . compared to other dealership , here they are taking more charges , it should be less .
my car servicing is on smile pack smile pack rate are high . toyota car maintence not more but they increase smile pack rate slowly . slowly so it should not be increase . if there is problem in any part of car they should not take charges for that this is not customer mistake . they should do this work at free of cast . there is problem in manufacturing .
they should received payment card cheque .
last the charges they taken for servicing it should be improved . parts not available at toyota many times . outside parts price are less then toyota parts price . same parts toyota charges more like for tyre toyota take rs 8000 but outside same tires we can get in rs 4000 .
they should reduce service charges .
the charges your paid for last service , the rate it is so high it should be less , it will be good .
here , they are taking more charges , we will compared to other dealership the nandi dealership taking more charges . it should be less .
comparing to other service center , harsha charges are very costly . for oil service harsha charges 3500 rs however in other service center they charges 1000 rs only . even for painting also other charges 11000 rs by harsha charges 36000 rs . so if harsha reduce their charges then they will get more customers
location is good , but all mechanical parts are not available sometimes and labour cost is very high it should reduce .
which the smile packs service we take . in that some discount should be there . there are 2 major services 1 check up is there . 2 major services is there they should give 3 major service . i should increase .
in service charge , labor charges are very costly , if they reduce that it will be better
which they take the charges for servicing it should reduce . i have to car toyota . one is innova or after is fortune . when we doing the innova car servicing that time they take less charges also for fortune they take huge charges . it should have 10 to 20 more to toyota but they take double so it 's should be reduce .
they are taken charges 20 , 000 , they taking charges per kilometre rs . 12 , 000 . they are not told us what is it , if they are taking charges and told us what is the reason about . and they should be explained about charges and bills .
servicing charges should be less it should be 20 discount .
charges should be decrease .
service charge should be less . they are taken 10 , 000 rs one servicing . so it \? s limitation should be less .
the service center charges is very high it should be reduce .
when i taken the car they told me that it will less charge but they had charge more . at that time which the people tills that only they had to taken .
they charges the payment is high . if parts are not available at service center they should buy the parts through market compare to market price service center persons charged extra amount . market price amount must be taken with the customers . as compare to the dealership they charged more amount .
servicing charges and taxes they are taking more , it should be reduced .
service centre people should be taking less charge .
servicing charges they are taking more , it should be less .
they should do improvement in charges toyota take more charge then market price till now i am using free servicing but now onwards i am thinking to be done from outside because charges are more compare to market toyota charging double they should reduce the servicing charges .
charges should be reduced .
charge must be reduced . showroom rate is very high . because of that i am not taking my car at showroom then to i want there . like innova type of car are serviced at private rate should be reduced . past tax is 5000 servicing tax is 2000
charges are more it should be reduce labor charges should remove .
they have to reduce the charges . 2 \) they have to take less charges for poor people and they have to take the rich people .
they should reduce 10 to 15 of charges .
on service charge , they cost of spare parts are very high . they have to reduce spare parts charges .
service charge is more , it should be less . we are comming to very far from 150 km , for servicing our car . then they are taking more charges . warranty should be correct .
they should improve in charges . a small work of only for oil charge they take 4000 i had done inquiry about it from outside they take . so they should reduce charges . toyota taking double charges .
servicing charges bill which is taken now , should be remain same . not changing it .
during my last car servicing they were done normal servicing of my car like oil changing washing etc . for that they were charge high price . they should be charged low price or reduced their prices for normal servicing .
service charges are very high , they have to give full details about all billing and payments . oil services , labour charges also how much took for each services . they have to give clear picture .
the servicing charges should be reduce too less . it will be good for customer .
no improvement require
no improvement require
here they charges more for first servicing the take 12 , 000 for other center rule wise it is very high charges . my point of view first servicing charges should be 8 , 000
they are taking more charges . staff should inform us about the charges .
they are given to us correct bill , also charges should be less , they are sitting there and explained our bills , and also taken more charges .
they should reduce the charges . they charged approximately rs . 2 , 000 to rs 2 , 300 for servicing . so it should be reduced up to lesser than rs . 2 , 300
i give the priority at first to providing goo service . there is no meaning to take tax in wrong way .
alignment was very high , it should be reduce .
they are taking more time for servicing not giving car on commited time .
charges should be less which the toyota regular customer is there for them they should reduce 10 .
car parts charges should be reduce labour charges are also more it should be also reduce .
on service charge they charged very high for labour charge . if they reduce labour charge it will be good .
labor charges are very high . they should give some concession they are not reducing the charges . if to put like any rubber they charge 300 to 350 they should reduce it .
charges are very high it should be reduce . alignment charges servicing charges should be reduce .
general charges are very high . for washing outside they charge rs . 300 but in dealership location they charge rs . 600 . at least rs . 400 rs . 500 they must take \( p \) nothing .
there are taking rs . 3500 as a service charge so instead of that they should take rs . 2500 .
service charge should be reduce .
they should be reduce 20 charges for servicing and also reduce the charges for parts .
they have to maintain the same charges in future also .
they are taking 10000 as a service charge it should be at least 5000 it we do n't have other work in car then also they are taking 10 , 00 other showroom they take 350rs dsr take 850 charge so they should less the charges .
they are taken more charges , it should be less .
aliments the wheel balance are very more it should be reduce .
they should reduce service charge . they charge bill rs . 6500 for the we can do in rs . 5500 .
when there is a free service they should not charge it .
when servicing our car they get washing charges is too more , it should be less .
service charge should be less and which they tax they charge it should be also less .
no improvement require
toyota parts charges should be reduce also service charges are more it should be improve .
spare parts and labour charges is more , it should be less . here , good quality of spare parts , but they are taking more charges .
charges is more it should be less .
if the car is under warranty period then they should not charge the labour charges , it is ok if they charge for the parts required but labour charges or man power charges should be not be charges . then it makes no meaning of warranty . so these charges should not be charged .
if parts are not available at other side , then dealerships are taken its double rate . and also taken more charges of servicing . if all parts of our vehicles are available at dealership in reasonable prices then all customer purchasing only at dealership . if we are purchased other side it is duplicated and at dealerships were getting original parts , hence at dealerships should be less rate it should be good for the customer .
labor charges are more they should reduce it .
service charges are more so they should reduce it .
spare parts rate should be less .
they should reduce car servicing charges .
spare parts rate should be reduce .
they were charge more for any extra fitting and spare parts also they were charge high price . last time i told them to fix some gadget in my car for that they were charge rs 400 for it . for same service on outside service center or garage they were charge rs 100 only . they charge really very high prices for servicing other any extra fitting servicing the car .
charges should be same in all over india .
they have to reduce the charges .
they should improve the charges like they should not take charges without reason . if there is need only they should take charges .
labor charges should be reduce . as we compare to market here the dealership labor charges is more . it take 1700km for washing they charges more .
it was free servicing , car run 1500km . so they should not charge labor charge . then also they take 400 rs labor charge so it should improve .
they are taking more charges if we servicing in locate service center there taking more labor charges labor charges should be free .
they should reduce charges of car parts this is government rule .
charges should be slightly improved . labor charges should be slightly reasonable . the customer should be slightly reasonable .
the charge is high . it take 15 20 extra charge , if it will reduced then it will be better . sometimes , some things are not available here , for which i have to go to durgapur . if it will be available here , then it will be better .
how can i suggest nippon to reduce the cost nippon ask to find out the way i need a spare part they bought the spare parts ban lore through courier , so may be those courier charges are come on my head instead of that they should bring out 7 stock it so i do n't know for what purpose i paid whether the its aright amount for the spare parts
service center people has taken 12 , 140 extra from me they told me they will put new parts in the car but they had not put it .
camp should be kept free alignment should be their . smile package which they prepare it should be done for more kilometers . and it should be validity for 2 years . and also labour charges should be taken less .
they should give offer to old customers who are doing servicing from them only they should give discount to privilege customers we have to pay more charges then market price all least 10to 15 charges should be less .
they should reduce charges of car parts this is government rule .
labour charges should be reduce because they charge were much .
if they take high charges they should do the work like that only .
before we make payment they should be check properly all the parts of car were working properly or not then after only they are get payment from us . because in my car usb connection , mobile charger and pen drive were not properly function .
at servicing our car , they are given outside for servicing it . but they are taken us service center . hence i thought if we are servicing our car at outside and save our servicing tax money .
service center should not charge different price or different parts .
labour charges should be less . shakti dealership cancelled and they given to ravindra dealership .
service charges should be reduce . parts of car should charge if needed only .
service charges should be reasonable there is a difference in between your rate out side rate .
they are taken more charges , it should be less .
charges taking more , it should be less . the maximum rate of auto parts . it should be minimum , if we changed our cars parts , insurance are immediately not claimed . work should be fast .
they should reduce service charges they should take service charges as per market rate .
service quality should be more .
labour charges are more they take different different charges
i had not faced any major problem in this car servicing is just because engine and all part should check once . they are taking rs7500 from customers which is so much . if there is some major problem then its right the high of the car is less as in india road is nice so on this type of good then the car is good . an this unleveled road the car is getting some less height or down front lack is touching down . i had complained many time that increase the height of car . charge are high and height of car is less .
service charges are more .
for servicing which part charge need to change that part only . they should not charge extra .
in this service center toyota car are more . and they should improve little more service .
they should give idea about the charges before servicing also should inform the extra charges .
one madam called me an she told me it 's get 11 , 500 for servicing when i go service center then they gives me 9 , 500 bill i ca n't understand she told me in call bill was 11 , 500 and now you gives me 9 , 500 bill why you are told me more money if bill was so less so why they take extra money .
timing belt charges are costly . any other dealership the parts charges are less .
labor charge are very high parts are 2400 but the labor charge also taken 2400 then the labor charge should be reduce .
they take extra things regular charges like leas balancing alignment services parts . it should be not happen and they should be reduce little bit labor charges . if we get some parts from outside and then they done the work its takes less labor charges as compare to market rates . they take extra charges that 's why peoples done our works from outside .
if we pay for the cleaning then only they clean properly if we refuse about internal cleaning or not pay for it then they not clean it they need to do that cleaning should be done properly .
they must be rate charged properly .
service charges should be less . it should be minimum 20 .
charges should be reduced atleast 10 to 15 .
one day my cars had scratched . i am taken away at lanson dealership , for painting they said me painting charges is rs16000 , i think this is too much painting charges should be less .
should link up with customers about their wanting service like dent removing .
charges should be less .
labor charges , oil charges and tax charges are more it should be reduce .
charges are more . service charges , tax oil service have more charge . it is more as compared to other dealership it will be good if the charges are reduced .
when customer told them , which work do our car , they should be taken that only charges avoid taken extra charges .
no improvement require
there should be improvement in the charges . they are taking more charges service center is long from gandhidham , it should be 8 10 km nearby . in general check up of the car also the charges are high . last time when i had given for general check up in that also i got an bill of rs . 1000 . we are always doing the servicing of rs . 10 , 000 .
service charges should be less .
they are taking too much charges also labour charges .
when i bring the etios car that time while taking they told me like that last charges was suspension . and when bring my car for the servicing that time suspension charges 25 , 000 told me .
charges should have slightly improve . charges are high . there should be reasonable charge . attest should be 20 less .
there should be improvement on the charges . work had not completed even though charges taken . estimate has to be taken after completing the work . charges has to be taken within provision . we need to tell clearly that service charges 7000 has be applied and outside it is taken 3000 to 3500 .
for spare parts m . c . they charge very much 2 to 3 it should be reduce .
tax should be less .
charges are more .
charge are more , they should be reduce the labour charges
labour charges are more it should be reduce
charges should be low .
they should inform to car owner before inserting any part because they charge more while billing .
they are charging tax also 250 rs to 75 rs . they are charging for then or it is as per government rules we do n't know . if the reduces tax amount it will be good for the customer
service charge and labor charge they taken more it should be charged less .
charges of dealership should be improved . they take more labor charge they should be take little bit charges which reasonable for customers
charges are more comparing to out sides so , they have to reduce it .
spare parts tax rates are very high in harsha dealership . comparing to other dealership the cost of spare parts is very costly because of this customer also very less in harsha
at the time of car purchasing they told me charges will be less but they take more charges . they should there committed . they take the charges only which they told me before .
cost is more for service of parts must be reduced . take it as my small suggestion . toyota charges are only high than other . must give some offers to the regular customers
service charges should be reduce .
they should reduces service tax because when we took the bill . i saw they were included so many service taxes .
they take more charges they should be give so me discount them parts of car are costly they should be give at least 10 to 15 discount because customer are not go outside for servicing they repair in same place .
service center people should be not take charges if customer pay the bill through atm card .
charges should be less .
at service centers staffs \( workers \) are not properly washing our car . i am till 4 years customer , but they are not taking me less charges for anything 's also not given till now gift or bonus .
service charge is litter bit light it must be less then it is better for us
they should improve in charges like some parts it should be reduce .
comparing to lanson dealership with harsha dealership the charges are very high both the dealership is doing the same services however harsha dealership charging more . if both the dealership charging equally then it will be good
rates are high of service charges it should be reduce .
they have to reduce the charges .
charges and time should be taken less it will good for us .
when i was visit to service center in 2012 for oil charge they take rs . 2500 but now they take rs . 5000 to rs . 5500 compared to that now there charging more charges of parts are more . if this work i do from outside then they take rs . 2600 only but at toyota dealership they take rs . 5000 to rs . 6000 labor charges tat charges are more in 2010 they charge rs . 2500 for oil charge but now in 2017 they should increase rs . 500 to rs . 1000 but they are taking double charges compared to other compared toyota taking more charges . so it should be reduce .
the service charges amount is very high . in last two servicing they were increased their service charged . so they should reduce their service charges
servicing charges are more . they take 1600rs for nut bolt cleaning .
charges are more . there are not cleaning car properly . if they are taking this much money then should clean roof of the car every thing properly .
they charged 2000 3000 for small work they charged more amount . outside service center they charged less amount as compared to toyota they charged 40 to 30 percentage extra amount work also not done .
i have complaint with warranty period till now they are not solve it for that they take a charges if they are not solve our problem then they should be provide free of cost service .
for regular customer they should give discount .
they should reduce service charge . it should be reasonable
charges are very more at least till 20 it should be reduce .
parts cost should be less .
when they put new oil then their charges are rs 3000 to 2000 . immediately car work should be done at least 5 it should be reduce .
they are taken all charges is more , we don \? t know how to reduced it .
we are middle class people from village . we ca n't bears this much service charge . they should be us 5 to 10 percentage discount
dealership charges should be less so it should be improve .
they have to reduce the charges
they are taking labor charges vat charges . then they should clear this to customer first .
there should be changes in charges . it should be reasonable rates should be reduce .
the rate of other showroom is less compare to dsn . there rates are very high . they have increase there charges also in news it is shown that there is decrease in taxes but have it is same if there is difference of 100 to 200 rs then it may be fine but they take almost 700 of 800 rs charge . any customer thinks that we have save at least 2 rs but there is difference of 700 to 800 rs .
service charges should be less , it will be help us .
labor charges , parts charges should be reasonable at toyota because it manufacturing in india only .
rate of parts should be reduce then it will be good for us .
charges should be reduce .
there should improvement in charges of dealership . they are taking labor charges without any reason . so it should be improved .
there taking more charges for any material . they should give discount on net charge .
service charges should be less , it helps more people also they taking less charges , too much people coming at service center .
for first three service they should not charges also part charges . they also they get part charges . all work should be free for first three service . they are get charge rs 1000 that work if we doing at outside it done at rs 300
they should tell about the charges to the customer that how much charges it will take . and they should tell about the parts also that which parts it will take how much charges .
service charges are reasonable but if reduce then it will good .
service charges are more . normal service like oil changing , ac checkup have more cost . must reduce cost for these .
message sends by them they did n't give full details like charges or amount . they take rs14000 charges , their labor charge are more it should give sent full details in message
they should inform us right charges because they are telling some charges and we have to pay other charges .
they take more charge for oil . they should improve all this
service center people take huge charges . in my car has servicing 500 600 but my friends fortune car has servicing only 2000 3000 rs .
charges are more . for 20 , 000km servicing they take 8000 9000 . outside they labor charge 2000 or 1500 . but here they take 3500 18 tax also . so it should be reduced .
which they service they do their they make rs 5 , 000 to rs 10 , 000 bill . but they do n't wash the car properly . they not change the oil also not do any work . for clean washing they should take rs 1000 to rs 1200 again again they take it to the service center . we have to pay them again again so they should take one time money .
charges should be reduce .
1 . they have to reduce the charges for servicing
they should be done the work which time they committed if we want anything extra service or checking while servicing . so , they are not adding it .
they are taking more charges . they to reduce the charges
oil changing and ac cleaning service are charged more it will be better if charges are reduced .
labor charges should be reduce .
servicing charges are more . it should be less it will be good .
the spare parts are very costly .
if car is n't warranty they should not take charges .
if they are changing any part of car then old part they should keep inside the car . so customer should know easily which part they had changed . we don \? t know that they change air filter or diesel filter .
labor charge should be reduce . company parts price should be less then market price
charges are more it should be little bit reduce . compare to outside company they take more charges it should be little bit reduce .
it is very costly charges should be slightly less .
charges look too expensive . they must be low .
they take rs . 8000 over charge car was run 3500 km . so this charges for this work is more .
service center should give discount offer to regular customers . if service center giving any offer then they should inform us by massages . because when we visit then only we come to know the offers information .
smile pack should include cleaning charges also . they should not take extra charges .
service charges should be less .
for free servicing the take 1600 for 5000 km . we feel more so it should reduce . they should reduce 50 on 1600 for checkup .
they should take less labor charges from the old regular customers .
labor charges are more if harsh dealership reduces the labor change it will be good .
labor charge should be reduce
while servicing our car , charges should be discounted it will be good .
the charges are made much more spare parts .
there is a different in parts because parts are not available outside if available then price are very low . company should reduce rate .
which the labor rates are their it should be reduce . and toyota charges parts also should be reduce .
service charges should be reduce . compare to other service center toyota taking more charges for car parts . so they should reduce charges .
they should be reducing their charges .
i took the battery out of service in the center rs . 1000 was more . thought much of charges from service center . they should reduce . the service tax , vat , labor charges should be reduced .
charges are made too much . they should be a little less .
charges should be less . discount offer should be updated at whatsapp or email .
service charges are very high . if they do general service , then it will be good if they reduce cost for normal service then it will be good
oil rates are too high to reduce them
if they are doing less working but they taken more charges . they are taking 3000 rupees instead of rs . 500
in service center which has labor charges , it should be reduce . now which the spare parts and accessary are there it rate ca n't reduce .
charges is too high , reduce the charges it will be better
charges should be less .
they should reduce service charges .
service charge should be reduce .
they should take charges only if needed other service center rates are normal . so , they should also apply the same .
cost of the parts is high . for normal service they charge 8000rs . so for the change of parts they charge 15000rs . they must reduce the cost .
they should be changed unnecessary parts only . charges should be less .
they extra charge for some spare parts so it should be reduce .
there should be transparency about charges . without reason they add charges they servicing ac pin . they add that charges also which not needed .
service charges like labor charges they are taken more , it should be less . also water service is not good .
labor charges are more so company should think about it what they can do for it .
if toyota take charges like outside service center then it will be good far us because outside they take very less charges .
in service charge spare parts price are too high , so it should be reducing then it will be better
charges are more . it should be reduce . service price should be less .
special consation should be provided to old customer , they should not give consation to new customer . they should give give price consation to regular customer .
charges should not take more .
service center charge are high . it should be reasonable .
labor charges spare parts should be reduce .
if we payment given through card then they get charges . it should not get charges .
which are have main charges of servicing like if it has 250 then they take 375 . i had purchased plastic cover for my car . but there price have 2000 an outside have 1000 . i had to change the battery but their price is 4000 an outside have 3000 . compare to they take double price .
charges are a little too much they should be taxed at least 20 by paying taxes other taxes
they are taking more charges it should be less .
tax and other charges should be less . if we pay the insurance , but it is not useful , wasted our money .
no improvement require
charges are more disimpection charges are more they re service the ac . which charges are more .
which parts have in toyota it charges should be reduce like oil , break oil , mirror , and bumper .
1 \) we are unable to understand , how much charges they are taking for the servicing . .
they have to reduce the charges .
they should do the work according to the charges .
they should be reduce their labor charges .
compared to other companies , there spare parts rate very high . it should be less charge by regular customer . it will good .
they should reduce charges .
servicing charges taken more . it should be less it will be good for us .
they should reduce labor charges . outside we get 25 so we can do from outside why we do from you .
last two services they taken more charges , it will be less .
the servicing charge they clear taking they should improve it
comparing to before , now the service charges are very high . oil service and other service charges need to be reduced .
toyota parts are costly , so i think that agency people take extra charges by parts
if we are paying charges then they should do work properly . they should do servicing properly . there charges are 3 times more than outside . we are giving car to company for servicing think that you are doing well but if you are not work properly then what the use .
they should give discount to regular customers .
charges should be less . we do n't known charges of company . so we ca n't differentiate between what are company charges or service center charges .
there is a difference in spare parts rates at the showroom outside . showroom rates are more than outside rates . suppose we get 1000 from outside but in show room 1200 so this is the difference .
while giving a car to the service center , they have to explain about all the problems the charges . while delivery , customer will have proper car without any problem .
lot of service changes they charged , i taken lanson spare parts only but the charges is to high it should be less .
at first service we gave full charges for service . then if small fitting of the car part damaged , they are again getting for the charges minimum rupee1000 it should be discounted , it will help for the customer .
there should be an improvement as per the customer 's satisfaction . they charges 15000 to 17000 as servicing charge which should be reduced . label charges must be reduced , i . e . if the market price is rs . 2000 then here it is rs . 6000 which should be reduced should be charged accordingly .
car general check service rates are high now they are taking rs 1500 which is high it should be 50 less as per my thinking .
they servicing charges should be reasonable how much that i ca n't tell but it but it should be reasonable .
charges are very high as compare to the market rate it should be reduce . and there should be some discount scheme .
charges are very high it should be reduce .
i had taken smile pack that also charges rate are more . it means i want to do wheel alignment outside rate are 250 300 rs . but here they take 50 500 rs also . its became 1000 . it is more than 4 times from outside rate .
price of parts is more of toyota .
last time i had given car for serving i thought of alignment but they did not check it . only take trial of the car 17 rs . so they should check car properly find problem in car charges for it we don \? t have any problem .
no improvement require
while servicing time they are forced to the customer and unnecessary repaired the ac and also washing the car and given to bill rs . 20 , 000 . it should be less .
when we purchased the car tire at company it is very cost if we are purchased same tire at outside shop its rate very less , so at company they should be given in less rat , it should be help for the customer
for only one problem customers pay the charge 3 time so they should be not doing if we pay in first time then also why they take charge . thier parts charge are more they take 100 more charge . it should be reduce
they should reduce labor charges . labor charges are more it should be reduce 15
they should reduce price everything is ok .
the vehicles spare parts and tax rate very high , it should be less , it will good for us .
we regularly come to their dealership only so they must reduce amount and taxes and extra charges . must inform if any parts are wormed to change to change it otherwise due to the accident may occur . they know the charges so they must reduce the charges .
they should be reduce their charges . they should be give discounts in their services to their regular customers loyal customer .
servicing charges very high it should be less .
toyota service centers charges very high , so , it should be less . if our cars had warranty or it doing routine up check up , so they should not taken more charges .
when i taken appointment by phone i asked them . how much servicing charges you are taken , then they told me rs3000 , after they are servicing my car while they put my car synthetic oil and taken it charges rs7000 . they should be properly told the customer by phone , how much charges they get . it will be good for us .
labor charges are high they should reduce it .
service tax and labor tax and spars tax charge are very high its should be less .
at dealership more charges taken for cleaning . at the service center they are taken more charges but not properly cleaning our car at the outside they get less charge . they are not they had not claim the insurance but they get the more charges .
parts are costly like for side glass cover they take 500 rs . small parts are more expensive it should be reduce .
charges should be less to10 to 15 percent
charges are like to be more . bill amount is about 15000 \? in that tax is 3500 \? . tax amount is more than rate of items . do n't know why the tax are more
there is lot a different between the out side accessories cost when compare to toyota .
before service they send sms for service and they send the amount also . but after service they bill amount is very high . so if they keep both are equal then it will be good
charges are more . they should reduce at least 10 to 20 charges .
charges are more . after selling the car , they cost cut in that which they out the charges . then it should be reduce . if servicing more . so they cut the cost they should be reduce maintained .
no improvement require
labors and diesel charges they taken more . it should be less .
charges are very high . which the amount they tell us they had charges different amount reasonable charges should be given .
they were charged high labor charges . last time they charged me for labor charges only rs . 750 spare parts were costing rs . 600 only . they were charge more than the spare parts charges for the labor charges . we have to remind every to do you work very quickly fast . if do not remind them they are take there own time for servicing the car .
they are taken labors charges is more , it should be less
no improvement require
they are taken all charges are very high , like labor charges , synthetic charges , oil service it should be less .
staff should have knowledge about cleaning the car
they should servicing car on discount rate . we have honda show room also . there is a scheme like there is a festival like diwali then we will get discount or they give some date they give discount on that day . so they discount like this .
charges are more you should think about service charges .
they give information that we can get free servicing but they take charges . so they should not do like this .
they are taken more charges , and it has no discount . total servicing charges is very high . it should be less . other all services are good .
spare parts rate is very high . if will reduce than will be better . as compared to others the rate is more here
at lanson dealership taken more charges , they should be discounted it 20 company to other company , lanson dealership are taken more charges .
service charge is more especially labor charge is more . compared to other companies labor charge is more .
they have to reduce the charges .
service charges is very high , it should be less .
my husband can pay other can not pay . in last servicing we had pay 10 , 000 or 11 , 000 charges . but there was one customer he do n't have money charges are more . so they should reduce .
there should be improvement in charges and they should keep it normal charges . and they should keep the discount in the charges .
they are taken charges is very high , like service charge and labor charges it should be less
how i get contacted the servicing charges which are there from that the charge for the billing , so you are giving 50 from that i will do 3 years agreement instant of 1 year . if this will be improve , i am having mahindra car also on that there is 3 years contact giving good service . if glass got broken or any tire punctured so they were doing it . if any facility like this is there with to mail it .
should be given to the customer offer and discount .
my loan was processing through icici bank but due to some personal issue i have to transfer my loan from icici bank to sbi i had explain about it to them they mode it process eagerly with proper explanation and well handle .
first time if they take more service charge then ok but last time they should charge less . if service charges in more then one an half lakh then they should give discount on that .
if compared to other service center oil service charge is more than there . annamalai dealership charges 8000 \? but other service center charge 6000 \? . other charges are also twice than others
i think servicing bill between 2 , 900 to 3 , 000 , but they get bill rs . 4 , 000
service charges are more they should reduce it .
charges are higher than other service centers , if the charges are reduce then it will be good for general . safeguard of the car is not properly positioned .
the service charges very high it should be less so it should be good for us .
at dealership there was only cash facility , if there were cheque facility , then it will be good for the customer .
we are not understaffed bill payment in english language , it should be in tamil language they are given car \? s parts of bills are not understaffed . it should be in tamil language it will be good for customer .
there was free service then also they taken 450 rs from me they have not given any explanation and also not told why they have taken so many rupees .
service center charges are more . they should be reduce at least 10 .
they should be not charges for pick drop . it should be free .
they are taking unnecessary charges .
charges should be discounted . if we are running our car at 5 , 000 km then they are taken same charges . should be improvement the charges
we take 2000rs insurance , that time they told me only 200 rs take after that a knot has to pay , but when we go there they will be take 8000 for labor payment , other other thing then we call the senior there and he told me don \? t pay the money so it should be not happen
charge should be made less when we swipe card they take 2 more chares they should not take 2 extra charges .
service advice which have charge , which they take huge for service advice which they take it \? s not good , because when we go there you call me and take 1500 and 1600 charge . which have respresentive which instruct our car and check which are required and told us \? we pay the changes for this . we can \? t bargain have standard charges and also labor charges . but for material have standard charges and also labor charges . but for labor charges and service advice most of the do only was the car and check the car , you can take . he has no other work so for this purpose charges they should not take .
they have to take reasonable charges
labor charges should be reduce .
should repair only the parts of the car which are damage not showing any new things as damage telling to repair for taking charges which are not needed .
labor charge spare parts charges are very highly , it should be reduced then it is better for us .
no improvement require
service charges and labors charges they are more taken , hence it should be less
service charges should be less , if we are running our car 10 , 000 km , then they charged it . suppose we are running our car 5 , 000 km , then they are not taken the charges , should be given free service
they taken labors charges is more , so , it should be less . they had taken 50 labors charges and 50 part charges .
1 . i had deliver the vehicle for air filter problem actually it will cost 3000 sr for that but they had taken 3500 sr . 2 . they have to check the speed brakes while servicing . 3 . when i brought vehicle for 25 lakhs or 5 lakhs the problem was same . 4 . they have to improve the air filter problem and they have to reduce the charges . 5 . i had requested to change lightning of vehicle but they are saying it is automatic
compare to outside the charges are more in showroom for water washing and spray . they have to reduce it .
whenever car stopped on road we go to dealership for spear party so they take labor charges also . it they are taking charges for servicing than its ok but should not take charges for spear party .
which they charges takes on labor oil it should be decrease .
spare parts charges should be less .
they are taken more service charges , it should be less .
servicing charges part charges are more it should be minimum .
labor cost is more
they should give discount on the charges .
they should reduce service charges .
they have to provide discount offers
service center people should reduce the charges . if we do servicing from outside it will be less for us .
comparatively their service cost is quite costly for me
they are more taken service charge , service tax and laborer charge , hence it should be less
no improvement require
my car was in warranty period , then also take the charges .
jmk toyota people take huge labor charge they take rs1600 for labor charges . so they should reduce it .
in company which have internal washing servicing in the car their charges are more , so it 's charges should be reduce . in showroom charges should be reduce , we has not done the servicing an outside . charges should be less i thing that .
charges should improve they are taking vat on labor charges so it should not happen the charges they had take from me vat charges which was they taken on labor charges they should return it as refund .
my car had insurance when i pay the insurance that time dealership get money for me , i paid advance rs 5000 for washing service , but dealership taken with me extra money all money comes in washing service but they are taken money for me .
they have to reduce the charges with discount
comparing to other show room , they are taking 40 more charges on accessories so , they have to reduce it .
they have to reduce the charges .
they should reduce charges give discount to us .
they have to reduces services charges
1 \) they have to provide reasonable charges for spare parts . 2 \) compare to outside , the charges are more for spare parts in showroom .
they should reduce their charges it will be find . they should reduce the spare parts charges up to 15 to 20 that will be better .
they should provide additional skim to the customer like them smile pack same like they should provide more additional smile pack . customer compares what is the price have in market and there also . like in outside market have parts price 2rs . so toyota people take 2 5rs . charges it 's ok but instead of charges they should provide some additional skim .
no improvement require
service center should be reasonable also parts .
they tell me rate something else and in message have some thing else and they take something else . like they told me . your charge will be have 8000 9000 but when i has to pay the amount that time charge have more then 20000 they should tell us open charge . which charge will have to pay they should not hide to us and also they should told us .
one time if customer is doing servicing then second time they should give 10 to 20 discount on charges .
they take 3 times more charges for one servicing .
if sunday will also be open it would be better . service charges are too high , it should be reduces .
the service charge of toyota is too high . they keep a reasonable service charge . the insurance of car should be charge less . insurance is too high . i heard the insurance charges will be increase more . if it will be high then it will be hard to maintain the car . the insurance of fortuner is now around 60 , 000 70 , 000 . it is too much high .
they should be available billing also reduce waiting time car parts are very costly
i thought they are taken company service charges is more . so , it should be less
small pack rs . 50 , 000 they are taken one time . so , i thought it should be taking 2 or 3 instalment .
charges are more . car part price service charges are more . it should be reduce . toyota charge more for normal servicing . they should take normal charges .
service charges is more , hence it should be less .
charges should be reduce . it should be 5 or 10 reduce .
which charges had break and other facility in car . which should match to the outside charges , so its for us . because for car 's spare parts we has to go millennium toyota dealership . so , if has some problem in car for this had good facility . if we want some parts for car so they from an outside . because toyota 's has no any parts that 's why only for spare parts they should open some dealership . if we want to put deck in car for this millennium take charges 16 , 000 to 20 , 000 but when we done same work an outside then they take 12 , 000 profit margin should be less . for small small work should have in privilege price . so , it 's good for us . charges are high on buying car or selling car should be have bonus .
amount taken as tax in regular charges like oil charge , water wash , spare parts charge is more . it cost around \? 2500 tax only . so it must be reduced .
charges should take as per work . servicing charges should reduce
they are taking more labour charges . they should reduce charges . if labour taking rs . 500 per day then they cover that in one car only . if bulb working then also they said not working charge it taking more extra charges .
if they are reduce the charges and tax , the vehicle are come more for servicing .
if we pay the bill through credit card , so they take 2 extra . they indirectly compulsory forced us for transaction charges to take 2 also they accepted our cheque .
service charge labour charge is very high it should be reduce .
they should not take tax for journal routine check up . if we put some parts in car . that time they should provide little bit of discount to us .
customer not given answer on charges .
labour service charge should be reduced .
i gave my car for servicing till 8 month in harsh dealership so , they should reduce the service charges for regular customer other then they should give some offer to the regular customer .
the charges paid for the service toyota should have package charges facility . should provide free washing , dusting . sometimes should announce offers and keep 30 , 20 discounts on servicing
location is far away . it should be nearly 90 car are coming from here only for servicing . like telegaon , dabhade , wakad is all villages customers go to bavadat for servicing . after drop car for servicing for return back to home they do any settlement .
charges should be improve . they should reduce the rate of car parts .
they taken more charges then it should be less .
they should reduce service charge .
there is no use of service charge bill . there are less of policies like smile so they should closed it .
when dealership delivered the car after periodic service they should inform me about the different charges in details
if the rating charge will be less then customer should feel comfortable .
spare parts must be around \? 12000 . bumper rate must be reduced . back parts of the car was damaged and rate of these must be reduced
they should reduce service charge .
they have to reduce the charges for painting . if they reduce the charges then we will show the interest for giving the vehicle for servicing .
charges should be less . they should minimize the labour charges which they take . because we are the customer of rishi toyota , so rishi toyota should talk to the toyota about spare parts like small thing . for small damage like spare parts they should not take profit . extra charges should be not there its helpful for the customer .
normally service charges are very high . oil charges painting charges are also very high , so that charges should be reduced .
they should reduce dsk solapur rate . at least they should reduce it 25 .
service and parts cost is too high . last time it cost me 18500 and something for just oil engine change , glass polishing , painting . it should be around15000
they are taking more labour charges . they should reduce labour changes they should take charges as per reality .
they take charges for small thing like spare part charge , they should avoid such charge , so it good for us .
the charges taken by the dealership should be reduced .
they should reduce the rate for regular customer .
dealership service and mobil charge is too high , vehicle parts price is satisfactory . it would be good if dealership reduce some charges .
labour charges are more it should be less . what ever your percentage is there it should be reduce in it .
they should reduce service charges .
servicing charges is more , so it should be less .
charges smile pack when we are taken the till you should not pay one rupee . then when we are taking for servicing the advisor tells to changes it parts change that part for that they to not charge .
waiting time should be low which time they given if i visit after 9 30 am we have to wait 30 minits . which cost estimation given by dealership staff at the time of car booking , at car servicing then the charge goes up . it should be close . at first they told me 5600 charges will needed but after that they showing so many reasons and increase charges . they should able to justify for the cost .
charges should be reduced . they are not able to provide proper servicing date . they should increase the staffs
service charges are more hence it should be less . now which charges is there we pay in cash we face problems .
they must provide an atm facility for paying service charge .
now they are taken more charges also they put the tax , so we faced problems . that is why the showroom peoples are should be little adjustment it
service charge should be decreased . my car steering was damaged i informed it to dealership 2 days later so that when i went there i paid extra charges . it should not happen . i did not like it .
when compare hyd radha madhav dealership gunther radha madhav dealership taking more charges
for cleaning service , the charges are very costly . if it is reduced , then it will be good .
in company for labour charges should be improve . it should be reduce .
they should reduce service charges .
the charges for cleaning the car are more as compared to market . like in market they take rs . 250 300 but here rs . 600 700
compared to others so , their service charges was very high . service charges should be reduce .
labour charge should be reduce .
there should be reasonable price .
service charges should be reduce .
charges are very more it should be reduce .
the oil needs to done properly while servicing the car because we pay for it . the quality of oil needs to be good .
servicing charges should be reduced . servicing rate is high . it should be more customer family .
service charges are very costly , it is not only my opinion , all the customers are saying the same but no one complaint on this . also they have to charge as per other dealership .
they took lot of charges , parts charge labour charges also 5000 , but before that toyota innova they charges parts labour 7000 , so laboured changes should be less .
service charges are more .
in dealership labor charges are high , an outside for which work they taken 200 sr . charge in same work dealership they taken 700 sr . charge .
as compare to other dealership this dealership charged very high , i was arrayed the complaint for last 2 times then to they charged high amount . so service charges should be reduced then it is better for us .
at the time of last servicing they take more charges . it should be reasonable .
their labour charges are very high . they were adding their labour charges in normal servicing charges . if we make any servicing from other servicing centre or outer side the toyota service centre they or not add labour charges in routine service charges . they should be giving some discounts in servicing to their regular old customer who always visit only toyota service centre .
charges should be reduced 20 from the current listed charges .
the estimation and the charges after servicing is different
spare parts rate is more , so it should be reasonable price .
charges should be too less . they are calling the customer for servicing , then after they taken charges rs . 5 , 000 to 10 , 000 . while servicing they are only washed our car but after taken more bills .
dealership service charges are high service rate noods to make low .
my car had 2 50 lacks complete running . but the maintenance charges are high . it should be low . 4 5 of charges should be low .
if they are doing small work , then also they taken more charges . they should be air check .
charges should be less .
customer needs to be satisfied with the charges because we used to go there itself and discount must be provided . we never goes to some other shop .
they should average the service charges .
service charges is more , hence it should be less .
customer need to be satisfied with the charges .
their charge is very high . they should reduce it .
every time we don \? t go for pick up but our driver goes for pickup so we have no idea how much amount to give to the driver it will be helpful give the exact amount while dropping . some time there is amount difference from the estimated cost .
the charges needs to be law . the charges needs to be updated to the customer .
they should improve in charges . they should give discount to regular customer .
which customers are taking service from a particular dealership for long time times toyota should give benefit to them . which customers are doing the servicing from a particular dealership for 1year to 4 years toyota should give 5 10 discount to them .
they should be give some discounts to the old customers who are very regular for servicing the car .
they are taking more charges so , they have to reduce it .
labour charge is more and it should be reduced .
charges need to be improve . 600 rupees are different in the charges . if painting charge is 2200 rupees then here charges is 100 200 rs different . they take 0 policy from other and we still don \? t know why there is charges different in 200 500 rupees .
labour charges parts cost is more . if any part is not available then they should reduce labour charges .
the bill rate needs to be changed . the estimation rate was different but actual rate was different . for the extra charges i took money from relatives . they also charges labor charges . the percentages are high . but it should be reasonable . the tax needs to be low . the labor rate needs to be low . the toyota needs to give discount on parts of servicing charges . the service charge maintain charges are low in local market . the facility is not available in wheel balancing alignment in toyota . this facility needs to be available .
if any problem , they only give 70 of the amount as insurance . they must give 90 as insurance .
service charges and labour charges it should be reduce . and also reduce phone call charges .
the charges are very heavy over here . if the car runs for 10 , 000 then we need to change the oil filter comes under picture . the maintained cost is higher . if i pay for servicing rs . 10 , 000 over here but i pay 7000 on market . the services are the same but the charges are very different .
service charge is more as compared to other service centre . charges must be reduced . cost the spare parts must be reduced
labor charges are high while for replacement of car tire they should rotate the tire for 200 for small things they should not charge .
spare part 's cost is more . cost of the spare must reduce .
the charges of servicing needs to be said in prior .
all parts rates , service charges labour charges are more . all these costs must be reduced
it should be improved in charges of dealership so , it \? s good for us . and also they should be give discount . if we done servicing there so they give membership and then they provide discount .
market value is satisfactory , but service tax is too high . as per govt . rule we have to pay the taxes . toyota should improved on same . toyota should reduce 5 charges in total service charges .
they should be change in extra charge become vat rate is high as compared to local market .
they taken more charges for oil . for innova car only used synthetic oil , and how much oil used and how much its cost they should be full information give to the customer . .
dsk toyota miraj charges are more it should be reduce i ca n't tell you how much but for ex if we are paying rs . 100 one thing then for that they should take rs . 80 . then it will be good for us .
the service charges they take for the parts and the parts charges need to be low the customer should also get profit .
they should reduce the service charges of the car . i am a gnarly person so they should improve the cleanliness .
they taken more charges , first they told me 15 , 000 , but then they given the bill rs . 20 , 000 . hence charges should be less , and should be given proper service .
compared to others the toyota charges are very costly . for regular customer they can give any after or discount 10 to 15 discount for regular customer if they give then it will be good otherwise they they can do service other side .
charges should be reduced and also reasonable . there charges like service charges should be improved .
dealership should reduce charges for them who do servicing in the showroom .
which package provided to the customer , they should first check it then they made service bill to customer in their package many service had included and what had the charges such type they should made the bill .
charges is more , hence it should be less .
they have to reduce the labour charges they are keep on increase the charges
smile pack are closed because of smile pack are will be reduce . we got pick up drop facility . and inter cleaning also free . but not getting cash benefited . so they should continue the smile pack .
dsk solapur rate should be reasonable . for wheel allotment the rate is 250 500 in local market but here its 1200 1400rs . here the rate is too high it should be reasonable .
improvement in dealership service center . labor charges should be less .
they should fixed labor charges . which had annual development in charges , so they should inform a customer first .
they are taking more charges for car block painting , when compare to other out side service centre 's
labour charges and spare parts charges was high it should be reduce , so it \? s good for us .
when i was going for service last time . the dealership told me if car will run above 1 , 70 , 000 the minimum service charge is 5000 rs even there no problem in car so should her be collect 5000 rs or 10 , 000 rs for car runs above 1 , 70 , 000 .
service charges are high . hidden charges like accessory , maintenance e or spare parts are high as compared to other company . painting , maintenance and machine equipment charges should be less .
if the service cost is perfect so the customer satisfaction automatically will increase . they might not take the service tax , they can take the labor charge . it will be good if the service cost become less . there is 12 14 for vat but there are some items for which the vat is 5 . they don \? t maintain it . they take 14 vat in average .
charges should be less .
dealership staff should suggest me that sir in your car some area was damage so you have to pay 3000 to 5000 rupees for that particular work . the whole area of my car was not needed to repair and i also don \? t want to repair the whole are . i am also ready to pay charges which were needed for the minimum damage areas .
the charges should be less .
staff do n't have proper knowledge of work they have only 50 knowledge . they should train staff before work do not change employees after 6 months .
there should be improvement in charges . the services are not good but the charges and high i spent around 1350 for servicing ever for change in oil and water they charge money . for general service they should not take lobour charges .
they have to reduce the charges
labor charges should be less . the spare parts should be available in the center .
charges for the parts are more . sometimes the free service is complete earlier than the paid services .
service charges should be less so , it will help for the customer .
they have to give the discount on charges
they not given proper answered to the customer also charges are high .
labor charges should be low .
they put lots of service charge they out extra service charge , they should not put so much . we done a servicing from bhatinda bikaner but they take a charge accordingly they should improve in service charge if we put something in car so for this they take extra charge they take different \? different charges so they should take rs 1300 or 1400 and in bhatinda wagore take rs 800 or 900 in between have rs 400 or 500 difference un service charge .
spare part charges should be low
they should change the parts less and also they should reduce parts rates .
labor charges should be reduce because of charges was high customer done the servicing an outside . because their charges are less also they provide bonus offer . we get one servicing free an one year an outside service center .
if service charge will be reduced then it would be better . if they take reasonable and customers satisfied service then it would be better
if the charges are free of cost they should not apply extra charges on it . if the spare parts are fixed differently the charges should be taken on the parts itself but not on servicing charge .
toyota service centre charges was high compared to other company so , it should reduce it its good for us .
we had to go local workshop for the servicing much better service centre should provide discount the customer .
spare parts charges should be reduce . they should not take different different parts charges again and again and also they should take all charges an one time .
compare to outside , the service charges are more . so , they have to reduce it .
charges should be taken less . if they are checking our car for one time then they taken 10 , 000 sr . and extra 2 , 000 laboring charges . and they changed the oil and also we paid the charges . they doing fuel allotment and its separate charges we paid
rates of spare parts should be reducing by company because rates are too high . parts and oil should be get in reasonable rates at toyota dealership . their rates for greece , oil and spares parts are very high compare to market . they should provide all this in wholesale rates to the customers .
they should charge the price very reasonable . their labour charges is very high . their spare parts charges also high .
no improvement require
no improvement require
servicing charges was more it should be less , and while they are servicing they doing any work and no reason then also take minimum rs . 20 , 000
they are taking more charges so , they have to reduce the labour charges
servicing charges should be improvement also it should be less . they taken more labor charges hence it should be less . if they are doing cars part service after it washed and taken washing charges also , but outside service center were free to washing our car . they are not taken washing charges .
when the car goes for servicing , the bill is 12000 . the servicing charges are too high . the servicing charges should be low . my bumper was not proper so for that also the made 200 to 250 charged . for a small work also they should not charge high they can charge high for huge work .
servicing charges should be normal . i feel it is more . if they can range rs . 8 then it will be better .
customer refused to answer how can improve it .
charges should be discounted for daily customer
they are taking more charges so , they have to reduce the charges
they should improve charges because they told me that you will not get any charges then they send me 500 sr bill .
they are put the more rate for general check up of the car , after we pay the cash they discounted it . so this was not good . .
when we are giving car to then they should check the car properly they give detail about expenses . at the time of servicing they are doing any part servicing after cleaning then charge extra for it . when we ask them then they told us that we had done polish wash it with shampoo but this is their work only . they should not charge extra for all this work .
like many time i dropped my car in service center for servicing , sometime they taken huge charges or sometime they taken less charges for same worked and also they taken extra charges for me in last servicing .
spare parts cost was very high , so it should be less .
they should reduce the charges give us discounts .
price of the part is quite expensive . they should make the charges lower because the parts are quite expensive . this time i had to replace the bushes , steering column all that . the price was quite high compared to other brands . if the charges can come down it will help the customers a lot . if you could bring it down by 20 30 , that would help a lot
i am satisfied with their service but i couldn \? t able to give any comments for charges .
tire rate is high as compared to local market . they say there is difference between the original and duplicate tire rate . original tire rate should be less .
i change the car battery it was like 36month or 18month battery . so they fixed 18month battery to my car . when i took information from the market i came to know that there is also 36 month battery . so i suggested them to fix 36month battery . the said give me one day i will arrange . they should give option to the customer so that they are also aware of it . the battery charges are very high as compared to market battery . they should be a discount facility to the customers .
there were charges are high , there charges are 50 high compare to market price . they should also take the charges according to market price .
no improvement require
they should reduce charges .
the labors charges are high . it should be low . the charges are low in market as compared to here . the charges are 200 in market but in company the charges are 300 . washing charges and inter cleaning charges should be low .
they should reduce their charges .
fair charge is more and it should be reduced
1 . they are taking more labor charges
they cleaned with the brush and just put oil for that they took 11 12000 charges . this should be improved service charges are too long and it should be low . if i am spending 130000rs when we spending mobiyal diesel filter comes but just for cleaning with brush they take 10 11000 is not fair charges needs to be improved service charges are long .
charges are more . compare to others so it should be reduce . sometime we will it right but sometime not we like here service . so we are doing servicing from here only . one time i had done work of silencer charge they take 3000 4000 so i feel it is more they should reduce 25 .
the charges need to be adjusted . the charges should be low they should understand the customer situation also .
they take 5000k for mobile change if they improved this then it would be better .
on 50km the car needs servicing . 5000 6000rs they charge it should be low . 10 20 discount should be given on service charges
there should be discount in service charge even charges needs to be low .
charges are high need to be reduced . if they apply more charges from a middle class customer it \? s obvious that they go to local workshop . compare to nippon toyota charges in local workshops are less . if toyota service center reduce the charges , more customers will likely to come to their dealership . toyota dealership should reduce the charges and canvas their customers .
charges are very highly at dealership , it should be less so it is better for us .
charges are high . compared to other service center , here 50 charges are high . appointment should be given as per customer comfortable , then only it will be helpful .
last time servicing bumper was not aligned properly and they had fixed it with gum for this they have charged 500 rs . as labor charge which is more must reduce the charges .
even for small work they charge 1000 to 2000 for bump fitting they should not apply charges . for break pad also they take lobour charges like 1200 1500 . but it other company they do not take labor charges they should be very kind to the customer . the hidden charges are more like wafer 500 labor charges 500 and government audit tax are the charges . for charge in oil , dash boards also the charge 1800 . small small things like some light charges should not be there .
charges are high in service center . the part which can be repaired but they won \? t repair it . they change the part in service center . i had a slight problem in dust for that they said the charges were 15000 16000rs after that the dust cleared . they saved me the cost . in service center they say the charges first and then they convince the customer twice and then they go for service this should not be done . they should give full information to customer . they should say the problem or repair or change in some parts information needs to be given to the customer . the advantage and disadvantages needs to be shared with the customer . they should inform the customer that is the problem is for repair and change in spare parts . the charges should be reduced in service center .
the charges are more as compared to coca market the charges needs to be low . 20 charges needs to be low .
service charges should be improvement .
they should provide some discount or offers to the customer while servicing the car .
the charges should comes under budget and it may be reasonable also and there should be bargaining facility also available over there .
charges should be improvement . if they are changed the parts of our car , so they should be informed to the customer also told about charges of the parts , because of after they put more charges .
service charges was too high hence it should less and also improvement .
service charges should less and they should be given offer for service charges like six month free servicing and other planning .
service charges should be less it will help for us .
charges in toyota is more especially labor charges . must give some offers . there is no need of polishing the car . service change must be reduced like 5 10 .
if they take maximum amount of 10k for the service then it \? ll be better . it \? s not possible to decrease the rate of parts but if they reduce the service charge then it \? d be better .
charges should be less .
sonak toyota service center charges me 1200 which is too high . the service charges needs to be low .
firstly , was using ford car has service that every 5000 km . as the dealership told to do so . i am servicing this car like this only for every service it cost 2500rs to 3000rs . this only i am service for 5000km .
charges needs to be low . washing service needs to be free . they should not apply any charges to washing and cleaning the car .
50 of lobour charges should be reduced . the lobour charges in service center is too high .
their charges was high compare to market price it should little bit reduce . like cleanliness of car are costly compare to market price so , company should reduce the charges so , customer will feel comfortable and also they will be happy .
charges are not related to market . charges which are in market and charges which they are taking there is he different in between both amount . generally , customers which get not benefits of that and iminium has more charges in amount . their labor charges are also high . some parts which are not available in toyota this changes are required . generally , some day if parts are not working and when we do inquiry for parts after that they give feedback like if part is available or not we have to order parts . after order we discuss about that parts and when insurance will be complete so it takes too much time for customer and because of this our feedback is spoiling and name of company name is also getting spoiled .
toyota charges are very high . e . g . my car viper is damaged so they take lot of charges to change my car bleeds . my car one part is not working so they told me to charge the whole seat , instead of changing the whole seat they must be solved that one part problem .
charges should be less .
that time which charges they taken , which was high . which according in it . how much they take the money they should doing the work according in car .
if car had in complete warranty so , they should be not take a charges and same thing an insurance also they should be deduct a money through an insurance .
charge should be little bit reduce .
service charges should be reduce so'' good for us .
service changes spare parts rates are more , every time cost normal service is minimum rs7000 . it is will be good , if service changes spare parts rates are reduced .
service charge is more and it should be reduced
if we told them what works are doing our car , but they are not doing it , they are doing other work and put the more charges . hence charges should be less . .
charges should be less .
labor charges are high it should be improved . there should be changes in labor charges and should be low .
charges are very high , hence , management should be decided , how can it correct .
charges should be less . for outside customer if they give 25 less then it will be good .
charges should be reduce and also should provide discount to customer .
they take too much charges for internal cleaning . so it should be reduce .
nut bold charges should be low .
parts charges are high . if market price had 1600 , then same thing we will get rs . 5 , 000 in service center . if it was have original parts , so it 's ok but also they should not take so much charged . their charges should be have according to market charges .
they should do free service on the charges of rs 1000
toyota dealership rates are very high . so they have to reduce as compared with other dealership .
oil charges parts charges is 4500 rs but the labor charges is 5000 rs . it is very costly . we thought the dealership service will be good then local service center but they charge very costly . if they charge normally then it will be good .
they should give information , about how much charges they got
they should decrease the labor charges .
as comparing to other company the price of spare parts in toyota company is very high mainly the price the spare parts is very high as compared to other company . so if they reduce the price of spare part it will be good .
everything is good . but if they give some discount then it would be good .
charges should be improved .
if charges will be less then it would be good .
i didn \? t have good service . at last time service i given 8500 but it didn \? t got the service based on the given money . so they should give good service as per the given amount .
they should not take high charges as they are taking 800 rs for 50 rs work .
they should offer more discounts to their loyal customers .
they are not working as they are taking charges for their services . they are taking unnecessary charges which not should happens . we understand price as per products .
no improvement require
i do n't have knowledge how to improve it .
the charges used to be low in dsk satara in some servicing center they take extra charges of rs . 2000 3000 . if 1000 500 is less then it is fine .
they should give discounts to old customers on rates .
you people having very high charges . charges are need to reduce little . service charges of dealership is higher than the charges of parts .
they should decrease the labor charges .
labor charges should be less also they are adding service tax in customer \? s bill . so , service tax should be paid half percent by company .
they should give some extra discount to the customers .
the charges are high . i had problem with tier so tier used to be fit . the charges they said were 1350 but in market the charges are 100 only . but in showroom the charges 500 600 is fine for us but 1350amount is too much and very high .
labor charges should be less .
charges should be reduce .
they should update the customer about the charges in starting .
comparing with other company here the rates are very high . if they reduce the rates , then it will be good .
15 20 , 000 km which service have , which is free but in last to last service which serviced done in 16 17 , 000 km that time they not changed filter of oil . then had paid rs . 13 1500 for this or now they changed filter of oil in 20 22 , 000 km servicing . that time they taken rs . 6300 charges for this , so i didn \? t get now much charges was free if servicing was free , so why they taken charges for filter of oil .
labor charges are high as compared to washing charges . the charges are different from outside . labor charges are high outside the charges are 500but in service center it is 2100 this is the difference it should be reduced .
they should take the actual price of the car servicing
compared with bangalore dealership spare parts rate are very high in chennai lanson dealership , so spare parts rate should be reduced .
their spare parts prices is very costly as compared to other service centers . when last time i was drop my vehicle their while servicing my car that time service boy called me told me your car 's break paddles were damage you need to change them . then i asked him what is the price of new break paddles he said rs . 4400 for me this amount is very high so , i refused told him i will change in next servicing . but when in was visited 'whasko' . i was gone service center their they charge me only rs . 1200 for replace those break paddles .
this your lookup how to control the charges .
charges and taxes should be less , they should not add any amount it the bills which they added by themselves .
charges are very high . while changing some parts they charge very costly . if they reduced the cost , then it will be good .
service charges are very high . spare parts , oil charges labor charges also very high in lanson dealership pondicherry . if they reduce then it will be good .
dsk sholapur center before taking charges they should inform to customer . they should inform us the charges they take .
as compared to maruti toyota oil checking charges are high . marketing verification should be done while fixing the charges . maruti oil checking price is 400 but in toyota it is 550 .
their charges is too high because of they are toyota only . they should reduce their charges make their charges economical or reasonable for everyone .
i ca n't suggest on it .
while they took charges then they add tax also , hence it should be less .
they should decrease the charges .
the charges are more for last servicing so they have to reduce the charges
they are charged very high for the parts . the price of one bulb is rs . 20 but here rs . 150 . why should they are charged more price . the price of one tire is rs 700 , so four tire rs 2800 , so what will happened in our situation . in toyota all parts are having high price but in other place there is no high price . there are making different service for t . borred own car . there are taking high price for total three services if we give single payment for three different services it cost rs 2000 to rs 3000 . they should make total payment why they are making single single payments .
they should reduce service charges .
charges was very high .
labor charges are high , it should reduce . they should take 65 out of 100
they should decrease the price of spare parts .
they have high charges as compare with outside .
charges are too high . maintenance cost is also high . work should be completed in reasonable rates . charges seems little high in terms of services . charges should not be taken while car is new . cost should be reduced and car should be delivered within time .
charges are high compare to service we do at dealership . minimum 700 rupees was extra in charges . if 4 people are washing car still they take this much time . i paid 1900 rupees and even after that washing was not proper then why take more charges . even if we go to theatre for watching movie they give us good service . if vehicle your even brand is on your name , then they not should take this much charges from us . service which they provide same service we get from other service centres too then why they charge this much bill .
spare parts cost is too high it would be good if they reduce the cost of same .
instead of replacing parts toy should check what all measures can be taken to increase life of parts by some minor repairing 's . labor charges should be reduced .
spare parts charges are very high . in belgum dealership they are charges was reasonable but in this dealership charges is very high .
charges should be low
for journal check up they are charge very high like 700 to 1000 rs .
the free service should be free and they should not ask us for charges in free services .
as compare to maruti suzuki spare parts toyota have very expensive price ranges . toyota also need to give price ranges of maruti suzuki
servicing charge should be reduced especially in some parts i . e . labor charges etc .
maintenance cost , labour charges are very high . for installation of single and small bulb they charge as rs . 250 . for every single part they charge labour charges . if a single man is working on vehicle then the labour charges should be low . for every single product the rates are high .
when servicing the car , i said 2 issues of my car . after taking back the car i asked whether all the issues mentioned was resolved they said yes everything is fine but when i am riding the car i felt that still the issues were not yet resolved . i received the follow up call and i mentioned that my 2 issues were not resolved properly and might be they informed the same to dealership and i received call from them saying that sir we will resolve your issues when you visit for next service . after 1 months the issues got increased and i called the dealership and conveyed the same mr . balamurugan spoke to me and asked me to bring the car and we will resolve your issues . when i took my car at dealership but mr . balamurugan was not there , regarding my car issues i haven \? t mentioned anything to anyone . another person was there his name is mr . subburaj and he asked me what \? s the issues and i mentioned everything to him . problems persist some in clutch and oil engine . while riding on off road it gets such sounds . due to dealership has not resolved my issues i have to revisit the same . after checking my car by mr . subburaj he said in such condition over car how you managed and drive the car . . . \? even he apologized me telling that sorry for the inconvenience last time the service was not done properly from them and complete he take charge and resolved my issues . basis on last visit as will i had paid rs . 20 , 000 and during this time as well i had to pay . if the earlier staff must have done the work properly then i wouldn \? t come back and do the service again
they should give discounts to loyal customers .
they should start the smile pads again where we have to pay fewer charges and it also has less price of spare parts .
compare to other service center , these toyota service center are charging more on bill . i think they are charging with vat service . i enquired the other service center and came to know that they are charging as rs . 3200 \? 3300 only , but here they are charging as rs . 3900 \? 4000 .
labor charges are high and even the cost of parts are very high . compare to other they are charging high , suppose one of the part cost is 1 rupee in the market , they charge the same as rs . 10 . this should not be happen . they should charge low and even they should give discounts to their regular customers .
they are taking more charges for break part comparing to other show rooms
if we purchase any package , they should inform us about charges in advance . for minor works , they charge 1200 1500 rupees . if the charges is related to accident package then its fine but for smile package , the charges are high . the work which is done is 100 rupees outside is charged 500 600 rupees .
they should not take high charges .
cost of washing should be low . they should active coupon system and should give discounts on services .
respondent not answered how to improve .
respondent not answered how to improve .
they are taking too much time billing , they have too much rush at service center , they have just a person at the billing counter , staff should be increased .
some offers or discounts should be there for regular customers .
no improvement require
no improvement require
they have high charges as compare with outside .
they have to reduce the charges for regular customer
they should decrease the charges by 10 or 20 .
they should update the actual charges they are going to take .
for small small work they engage the people or labor and then they says we have done some extra work , which should not happen . should apply resonale labor charges . the material which they apply it should worthy .
the cost of product is high than service charges . it should be according to market cost .
spare rates are too exclusive hence need to reduce the same .
need improvement on service charges but i don \? t know how to improve the same .
they should use 2 . 5 liter oil packet for car and should update about that parts only those are in bad condition .
earlier the services charges are less but currently the service charges are around 1 , 00 , 000 that \? s why we feel the charges is high . charges should be reduced
they have to reduce the charges .
charges should be reduced from rs . 3000
for 1st service it cost rs . 28000 and for 2nd service it cost rs . 17000 thus i feel that it \? s too high amount . for this it would be good if the reduce the rates of spare part labor charges .
they should decrease the charges of labor and spare parts .
the cost of servicing here is high and if we do it somewhere private the cost is 50 less comparatively . they should reduce the cost of servicing .
whenever changing the parts on the car they need to give proper explanation for the same to customers .
servicing charges or rates should be reduce .
they should reduce the servicing charge .
what ever they are taking the amount , same way . they have to do the proper work and service
as this is the time of compaction so they should decrease the charges .
some kind of cost protection scheme should be there like maruti . they have some kind of scheme where they charge one time and they don \? t charge for the 2 3 servicing .
spare part charges should be low
they should decrease the charges .
they are taking more charges . so they have to take reasonable charges
it would be good only , if they reduce the charges . once i visited for radiator work they said it will cost 16 , 000 rupees and later said the stock is not available . hence , these types of parts should be in stock always at dealership .
they to give the clear information about the charges
taken long time for insurance for my car . they say different different things on both the time i . e . when taking and claiming . on car right side there was some rust on the car i asked them to have a look but they denied me saying kindly pay for it and then we will look . also there was some scratches on left side and again they said the same thing to look after . if i have to service , my car by paying for such things and service it then why i need an insurance . even all the documents i have submitted and still they denied for servicing my car .
they have a good facility of payment thru credit cards but also they take too long time for the same . need to process the payments as soon as possible .
charges and tax are high in rate that need to be reduced .
charges should be display also it should be genuine . vehicle having 100 insurance . the charges which they take it should be open and display . after free charges they apply labor charges also . if small small bent occur in vehicle they apply charges or insurance even they charges apply its high . this thing should be specified they also face different different types of problem . every human having their own problem which they should listed and apply the nominal charges . optimum charges should be apply customer should not feel it high might they having problem .
labor charges are too high in terms of oil and ac servicing . thus they should reduce the same .
the charges are paid in our last servicing in that rs . 500 is over charges . when ever we drive car and if the speed breaker would be there in middle of the road so the car is touched down side . hence service adviser has installed the shoes . due to this car get some upper side . that shoes charges are high in toyota service center and it is less in out side other service center .
no improvement require
parts are expensive . they should reduce some cost . other cars parts are not that much expensive .
charges rate should be proper . the should take company rate which is little high . if model get changes you increase the charges it should decrease by 10 15 .
sometimes the charges are unwanted . if they remove the seat cover for washing then they are taking charges for re fir the seat cover . should not take such charges .
rates are high for general services of car . oil charge , ac checking , water wash charges can be reduced . even in spare part rates as well too high , kindly reduce the same .
should reduce the vehicle parts charges .
1 \) they are taking more charges .
they should decrease the labour charges .
it 's a little bit inexpensive . they took extra money for service . its better if they reduce their labor charges in next service . labor charges are little bit high .
charges of oil premium synthetic are too exclusive . it would be good if they reduce their prices .
they have to intimate the offers or benefits before itself so , charges will reduce .
labour charges are little high apart from this there are taxes . yesterday i did servicing of my etios car , i seen that they had charged rs 1900 and it was labour charges . i don \? t think so rs . 1900 is valid for the labour charges . it should be 1000 rs . i think rs . 1000 is worth for the one day . it is sufficient . if labour doing work whole day but vehicle delivering within 1 or 2 hours . in this they included service charges , vat and some parts . including all these bill will increase so it is less to in will good . only labour charges should reduce .
service charges should be more improved . they said one year service is totally free but last service they asked me cash to pay .
service charges is very high . they should free service given to first service customer .
they should have reasonable price of accessorise .
the charges which we are paying where they have applied unnecessary charges . the liquid which they put in the side window do not know what is that for which they applies 5000 6000 charges . no meaning of taking charges of that 20 30 should reduce the charges .
toyota brand parts all are good as compares to other brands as well as charges . wheel alignment rate is high that need to reduce it .
service charges was more that should be reduced .
they are having very much charges . their charges are high levels . they should reduce some charges so customer can save their money .
for the permanent customer they should reduce the charges . should not apply the extra charges . charges should be minimum .
if have to purchased any part or any thing then out side it is having price of rs . 200 and in service center for the same thing we have to pay rs . 800 1000 . they should not charge this much amount for any thing .
oil charges rate are very high that need to reduced .
rate was very high that should reduce . more types of materials are fixing to the car . if when i say reduced material but they are not response to me . for mirror glass they are charge 1700rs .
after servicing the car they are not call to customer . at least in a week 3 to 4 times they should call to customer take servicing feedback car information .
toyota brand is one but in every dealership the spare part rates are different . annamalai has branches of dealerships i . e . virudhunagar \? and madurai both of them mention different prices for spare parts .
every time we receive servicing bill of amount 7200 or 7300 . how they do servicing and which part they have changed we could n't know anything . every time we receive high charge for servicing . to correct the charges they can reduce the mobil charges and they can reduce the labor charges also . parts charges could not be reduce but labor charges can be reduce . all the labors are of top class . if rate of parts could be reduce then it would be good . if expenses will be less then customer would be satisfied .
i think they apply charges high should do improvement in that . like the labor charges and charges of parts should be reduce .
there charges should be as less as possible .
1 \) they have to provide reasonable charges .
the pricing is very high and they charge various types of taxes . they should reduce the tax . they take labor tax after every work . they only use one man but charge differently for it after very work . they even charge labor tax after changing the break pad . they charge tax on every little things we get done . we are n't satisfied with the amount of extra taxes they are charging . they should only apply tax once on the final bill .
the servicing charges are high and it should be reduced . customers getting continues and regular servicing done through toyota showroom should be provided with some benefits . like if a customer has bought a car and is getting the servicing done through continues dealership , then he should be provided with special benefits .
servicing charges labor charges is very high that should be reduced .
they should decrease the charges of spare parts .
1 . they are taking more charges 2 . they have to give discount after servicing
last year i had done double payment under the schemer where 2 servicing was free . usually we have to pay 4000 5000rs per servicing , so i thought i will do double payment . but still they are charging me 5000rs . for servicing , i think that should be improved . i paid under the double payment schemer but i still do n't find it beneficial . i feel next time i am not getting any scheme because if there is any replacement ore something i still have to pay for the servicing . i have no problem with the quality of the service but whatever schemes they are providing the customer should be money effective .
for the servicing previous to the last one , it would 've been better if the charges were a little less . the labor charges are high according to me and should be reduced a little bit . car parts are expensive . i do not know what are the prices of car parts generally so i ca n't check it from outside and compare it . as a customer i would be really happy if the car parts are a little less expensive .
they should charge according do the servicing material quality . they should charge according do the quality of the engine oil they are using .
in market we can wash our car with rs 200 but the service center takes 600 rs for the same .
service tax charges labor charges was very high so they should reduced the charges .
they are charging very high if network problem is there that time they are billing manually but they are not aware about proper billing hence they are charging very high it was 2 to 3 times i have to paid manually billing so they should aware about the proper billing amount .
charges should be reduced tax charges was very high .
when compare to out side dealership the cost is more in harsha ananthapur so , they have to reduce it .
they charge high rates within the showroom . if we get a part at 5rs outside the showroom , they charge us 10rs for the same . they charge double and it should be reduced . i only had to get the touch up done of my car door but they told me 21000rs regarding it which i got it done for 5000rs from outside . we are middle class people , they should understand this and then charge for their services .
many times it happens that they say 0 date but still add charges . after my first car servicing and insurance , i had to pay extra charges . they do not even give wheel alloyment for free . they say that first servicing is free and when we go for second servicing , they include first servicing charges in it .
they should inform the customers about the total cost . they include various unnecessary taxes on the bill . they do n't give basic estimate , they give bill including all the taxes . they should at least tell the customer the amount of actual bill without taxes .
they should decearse the charges .
they should decrease the labour charges .
1 . when eve they are taking the charges they have to explanation about , 2 . the services they have to improve the services 3 . cleanliness of the vehicle is not good
they should update the cutomer about the charges they are going to take .
a service charge was very high . tax charges should reduce because they are charge tax 2 extra so reasonable charges should be given to customer .
they are taking more cost in nova and not giving better services , 2 . they are not doing the interior cleaning properly
the dealership staff need to be very much transparent towards this tax , parts , additional charges , general charges etc . also need to explain properly for changing the parts , painting the car and man power charge .
1 . they have taking more labor charges . 2 . they are taking more charges for spare parts
they are taking more charges . they have to reduce it
when i give to the car body replacement that time staffs are said we can replace the whole body of car but actually not required for replacement of whole body they are charging the body replacement was very high so that should reduced the charges .
whatever , the car parts may be they need to give warranty of 1 to 2 years . we buy car by spending lakhs thus the parts need to long lasting . if the parts get damaged they need to look into the same and fix it instead of putting unnecessary charges .
they should decrease the charges
they should do correction in charges except all the things are good . they should do discount somewhere like in cleanliness like inside of car which they take of rs 28000 which should reduce .
spare parts rate is too exclusive it should be reduced .
charges was very high some of parts not working then they are change the parts that time also they are take charge .
they should do improvement in the charges . they should do changes in labour charges . marker is increasing high the servicing has happening quick . in this should done little negotiate like rates . they should keep labour charges in the offers like it should free of cost . company is providing labour and they are companies . so they should reduce labour charges or they should stop it .
servicing charges are less but other charges are very high . the car charges are high too . they should give discount on labour maintainance charges . they should reduce bill and labour charges little . that would be convenient for customers .
labor charges and spare parts charges need to be reduced and also it should be fixed .
when the car is under 0 depth insuirance they should not apply charges at all . they apply nominal charges and they should change it .
they charge high and never do what 's told to hem . they should stop rs . 20 , 000 smile pack .
the charges for water service is rs . 350 only . but , the dealership charges it till rs . 700 this need to be reduced .
they have to take reasonable charges for service tax
previously i was done servicing of my car that time they were not asked me anything and done something in my car . they had keep some new parts in my car so they should ask me . but they did it and after that charged for me . so i told something them . it is not good . they should reduce the charges and when i told it they suddenly reduce the charges .
for washing the service rate is too high that need to be reduced .
they told me that the servicing was free of cost but charged me . i want that money back . they said that they would charge less but that 's not how it should be . when they say that the servicing is free , they are not supposed to charge for it . even when we take insurance protection , they charge extra charges for it .
price is high so this should be reduced . wheel alignment charges are high compared to other service centers .
1 . for every visit they are saying one spare part repair instead of rectifying identifying the problem
they should improve on the charges we paid for last service . within 1 year of duration till certain km service should be free in this time they not should take the charges from us for that . they should give oiling free of cost on our vehicles . i have not completed a year to my car still for last service they charged 6 7k from me which they not should take . when i took my car they told me the price of car will be 27 . 35 lacs which i have paid . but when i got the bill in my hand it was worth 27 . 32 lacs 800 rupees so i asked them the difference of 2200 rupees so they answered that if a person buying a huge car then he not should see at 2000 rupees . i did not pay any attention towards them but he should not have answered like this . i did not understand anything . then when i visited last time they return that 2000 rupees to me . i think this is big company and they not should make mistake in single rupees . after checking i come to know issue of 2200
charges should apply properly . there are lot of thing which they calculate upside down . is not like that i don \? t have to say , i have to say . they listen to me and they done it every customer must to their work at the base level . toyota vehicle get sale costly . for service we do n't have to spent money .
1 \) car mats rates are too high . 2 \) in mirror side there was leakage of water hence the glass part area get rust . we believe that the dealership will have good parts hence we buy from them without going anywhere and still the dealerships parts as well like the same
as compare to other companies toyota charges are high . for general service as well they take rs . 4000 hence need to reduce it .
they should decrease the charges .
they are taking labor chargers for every servicing
harsha dealership take high charges for oil service . this should be reduced , there was some scratches over car in front side and it will just a 100 ml paint can be taken i asked to paint on the same thus they asked a charges of 5000 charges are too high need to reduce it
they should decrease the charges .
as comparing the private company charges the toyota dealership charges are high . for servicing the car of 10000 km they ask 2000 charges for the same
all spare parts should be available
services charges the parts charges are very high so this should be reduced .
they should improve on the payment because the charges tax are more .
the lakozy toyota should reduce the charges .
they have to take reasonable charges .
they should decrease the charges .
they should reduce charges of servicing . they should take less charges from customer so it will good if possible . they should reduce price normally possible for them . for service they can reduces charges of the parts . when we purchase the part from out side they were do bargaining but in toyota the mrp price are same even they do n't bargening . they should reduce 5 charges from the parts .
charge should be less . they should provide discount to a customers . when customers go showroom for servicing so in service . bill all taxes was include or in it labor charge was high if they put less tax and another then not take taxen , so customers will first preferred showroom for servicing and also or change a parts . when we have for it so this charge should be reduce . which small car have toyota which car should be have range in 4lakh to 6 lakh . toyota all car have above in 7lakh range so it should also have in less range .
they should reduce service charges . if charges are less then services goes better .
they have to reduce the service charges and labor charges .
they should decrease the rates .
while giving the car for servicing they say some different amount and after delivering the car as well say some different amount . for 5000 km servicing they said it will be charged around 3000 but later they took 4000 i have checked the same in outside everyone said it will be charged till 3000 to 3500 but i didn \? t know why they charged me so much .
as comparing to other company toyota charges is in high range . for general service they take till 14 , 000 . labor charges as well too high need to reduce the same .
wheel alignment charges are too high need to reduce the same .
they have to take the over all charges , instead of taking the charges for spare parts
1 \) they have to satisfy the customer 's , instead of concentrate on charges .
my car is in warranty period but last time when i took my car to the shinray toyota for servicfing , they charged me rs . 3500 for air condition filter . but this comes in warranty period and they still charged for it . ac filter comes inside the dropbox which someone tore it . they should charge less , infact they shouldn 've charged at all as my car is n't even 1 year old and still is in the warranty period .
comparing to other service center toyota has high service charges . need to reduce the same . normally those to do service from them has to reduce the service charges .
the payment which they charged for servicing was more according to me . the cost of servicing should be reduced . there was n't much to do in my car 's servicing for them to charge so much . they can charge more if there are changes in the major parts or oil changing . there was n't anything as such in my car . there was only fueling or refining which had to be done in my car and they made a bill of rs . 6000 and which was too much according to me .
my car is newly purchased one and i drive it till 10 , 000 km . i gave the car for oil service and they charges me rs . 10 , 000 hence , this is little bit high charges need to reduce the same .
technician charges was more , hence it should be less .
toyota there are also short company advisors . we are thinking like from years we are doing servicing then also there is a fix charges of rs . 3500 . i had already paid them rs . 8500 as for my expectation i think the charges are more .
they improve charges . if they put any part they charge high amount so they should reduce the charges .
anaamalai dealership spare parts charges should be reduced .
they are taking more charges . they have to reduce the carges
spare parts charges are high .
they had applied the spray to the vehicle for non dust , they taken the 500 for this , actually it cost 270 at outside
anaamalai dealership service charges are high and it should be reduced . the normal regular service charge should also be reduced . then it is fine for me
they should reduce the charges .
charges are concerned by company itself some time it was reasonable or sometime it was costly for the customers . they should be reducing their charges we definitely appreciates it .
maintained charges are high it needs to be reduced .
service charges should be reduced .
there should not be take service tax and labor charges , they have to take any one .
service charges is very high , hence it should be less .
charges should be reduce .
service charges should be reduce .
charges rate should be reduce . service charges are ok but labor charges should be reduce 20 .
the labor charges should be reduce .
they extended the warranty period for that they charged 12000rs . it was just 1 2 years from the time of purchase . if there is any problem in parts they charged 4000 5000rs . if the engine or other main parts if they charge this amount will be fine for us . they should take 7000 8000rs instead of 12000rs
they took more cash with me for servicing my car what i feel . i said to them that they haven \? t done the balancing aliment . but they said me that it is done . then i took my car for alignment outside they said i has not done . service center has not done the alignment for me . but they took charges for the alignment . the work what they done needs to be charged and the work which is not done need not be charged by the service center .
service center people should not deduct 2 charges if we will pay a bill through debit card .
the labor charges are high about the part charges . hence labor charges should be reduce .
they have to reduce the maintenance charges
they put extra charges on service charges , so they should inform a customer first .
they have to reduce the charges
no improvement require
they should not encourage the drivers by giving the commission to them
they have to reduce the charges of spare parts and service charges
they should reduce service charge .
general normal regular service charges should be reduced .
they have to do the proper servicing when they are taking the charges
the charge of parts and labor is more so far charge are not increasing 15 we have to tax . by felling this different different charge are charged and at the time of servicing they separate the bill of it .
servicing charges was too high hence it should less .
when we take the car at that time the toyota person inform us first 3service is free of cost . but the toyota staff takes the charges for that . now i did servicing at 10 , 000km but i paid 500rs for that . and the ohm toyota wants to refund . all the system things need to be paid . and through form ohm toyota has paid it . full amount was paid through cheque . the charges what they charge at ohm toyota was high . it should be improved . they should inform to the customer before about the charges . this all charges need to be paid . while they book for service the car at that time they should have a kit over there . and it should be entry in service book . with the car they should have an item rate also . their was a summary in that kit . the list needs to be at the last page where the dealer needs to show the customer . all the list of items like body cover needs t be covered in that kit . this kit should be shown to all the customer .
service center people reduce a rate of break paid in fortuner cars
they should not charge while swapping the card . .
service charges was very high , hence it should be less . they taken charges to every part also they taken other charges 100 or 200 rs . for cars charges . all parts of the car repaired and they put other labour charges .
if we told them our cars had spare parts problem then they not uderstable . and compared to other dealership , more charges taken here . if we are went at other dealership they won \? t changed the full parts , they only changed the required parts . actually they should change the required parts .
no improvement require
charges should be reduce .
they should not take labor charge for small small work .
here labour charges are more then outside .
labor charges are more . they not clean the dust while servicing they should do improvement in dealership .
spare parts rate was very high , so , it should be discounted . compared to other dealership the rates are high here .
labor charges should be less . they should give additional discount like 5 or 10 to regular customers . they should give discount offer to regular customer .
they have to reduce the charges for regular customers .
service charges are more so i have doubt on it .
they should free service for new car . first they given us three free coupons , but after they taken charges , so this should not happen .
no improvement require
charges should be little bit reduce service charges they should reduce at least 5 10 .
charge should be reducing .
servicing charges was too high , so , it should be improved .
service charges were very high , hence it should be less , and they put all parts of the charges , so it should be improvement .
no improvement require
labor charge should be reduce .
labor charges should be reduce .
should be improve on charges .
we haven \? t compared toyota with other company . we don \? t know the difference between the charges . the bill made by the toyota was paid by us . if the service advisor charge 2000rs for glass , the same amount are been paid . but we don \? t get any discount from there . at the time of purchase still now i did not get any offers from the toyota service center . the other brand like hyundai , sometimes they give offers to their customer . like free polishing , free check up , free maintenance , free washing , free a . c service or 50 free servicing . like same the toyato should give offers to regular customers . i sawed at akbar that they provide more offers to their customers . but still now we haven \? t got any offers from the toyota . toyota should have plans for their regular customers so that customers and the company are profitable . that why the customer visits the service center once and do not visit again . if the customers get any offers then only they visit at least once to the service center .
they should give a discount and they should reduce a spare parts cost .
labor charges should be reduce , they should not take labor charges for everything .
for paint touch up they charge rs 2000 to5000rs for that i have n't did that till now . for painting the changes are high for full painting they charge rs 5000 rs 10000 .
labour charge should be reduce . air filter is very costly in service centre compare to an outside
they should less the rate of interest and also lees the tax .
i paid yearly payment . for 1000 km service needs to be done on 6 months every time . but we paid annually . my car run for 6000 km in 6 months but we paid money . but we should go compulsory to dealership so the toyota company needs to change this .
charges are high . spare parts charges are also high . now i did service for break pad the rate was high as compared to other dealership . extra fittings of car charges are high in bill it should be reduced , if they reduce then it will be good ,
while my car had third servicing time i pay the more money which they given bill for me , but i had to pay more money for that bill . after i asked to the manager sir why you are taken more charges then the manager said me \? if you are how much more running to the car then also more maintains and they are not given the information while we are purchasing the new car . if we are running over car 20000 km then also they are taken more charges . but in other company had given like ford advertisement that is the servicing the car had same charges taken till 5 years , but toyota company were charges the more amount as per the usage . they are taken service charge 5000 to 6000 while i see the bill them they one taken more labour charges also , but they do not taken more labour charges . if the mechanic is spending one hour for servicing the same time need to be taken for the second time service also . they take four to seven hour for servicing the car if they need to change any parts then the charges are also be increased . the service charges should not be increase they taken the dry cleaning charges for rs 1800 , but at other sides dry cleaning charges are take 1000 to 1200 so compared to other side here they taken 100 to 200 more charges so , most of customer servicing at other sides . if here comes only . i like customers servicing to the car for company so servicing should be improvement .
i am not at all satisfied with the charge . they should share the charge amount to the customer in their . they didn \? t even talk and they directly make till . the advisor and technician in which the customer timely and share the chrage . the charges should be reduced . the toyota parts are very costly the charge more cost for the parts as compared to other company so they should decrease the charge . they should reduce the service charge as compared to other companies .
no improvement require
charges should be reduced .
spare parts bills are very high also service charges were very high , hence it should be less , so , it should be improved .
car parts charges should be reduce they should not take so much charges which is required . those charges they should take .
they have to give the proper quality services
they should give detail about the charges they charge .
they should take take 20 instead of 30 on 60
charges should be reduce .
labour charges are fine but the spare parts charges are high .
charges should be reduce .
the charges they say on showroom needs to be same . they said expenses will be 2 . 28 on pre k . m . so then it should be the same charges . i purchased the toyota etio liva car . they said on 28 km you need to spend but the expenses were doubled . the expenses were around 6500 to 6000rs after bargaining they made 5000 5500rs . if i know about the expenses then only the same amount i can give it to driver the same amount . after going there we come to know the expenses and for that we need to come back again . on feedback call itself they should say all this things . they should take the customer contact number for customer feedback .
which customer have smile package so they should not take charge to them .
labor charges of toyota are high . they should reduce the labour charges the other car can also come for servicing over here .
after making bill they add vat also like we get massage of servicing 4000 rs but we have to pay 4500 rs .
charges should be reduce . we take regular service hen also they take more charges . so it should be reduce .
they should reduce the charges .
service charge should be reduce .
cost of parts is more auto parts charges also more . they should reduce parts charges . showroom charges of parts are more .
labor charges should be reduce and also hile service tax they put which also should be reduce .
service charges was more hence it should be less .
charges should be reduce .
charge should be reduce .
after taking 60 , 000 then also they not repaired clutch in my car properly . some day it was good but after that it was remained like that .
charges should be reduce .
lanson velachery dealership the spare parts rate are very high and they should reduce the cost of spare parts it will be good .
rate should be reasonable . remaining they knows that which thing what cost are charging .
when i purchase the car they told me you will get free service but it is not happen they take charges from me . for small things they should not take charges .
on general normal service the charge should be reduced if they do then it will be good . hast time my car runner just 400km but for that the applied the charge . they should reduce the service charge .
charges should be improve . previously people purchase toyota car because of low maintence but today maintained is very high . this is the only problem . in toyota they are taking more charges in this charges . we can do servicing of mercedes car .
they are taking different different charges for each party . because of that the total service cost increases 20 to 25 .
charges are high . the mobile charges are high in service center . they should not apply charge on free servicing . they should charge for the material they fix and mobile charges are costly in toyata it should be reasonable and mobile is 800 900 .
the service charge should be reasonable and comfortable to customer . the spare parts charges are high at lanson dealership . it should be reduced then it will be fine .
vat payment is high . on parts the labor and service tax are included so that the pay are also high . this should be reduced . maruthi charges are low . so that the toyota should also reduce the charges .
the service center should improve on charges of 55 they should not put rate on charges on what the parts are fixed on the car the rate should not be applicable the rate should be reasonable if the rate is not proper then the customer go but for servicing the rates is not proper on the parts they fixed . the price should be reduced . in the marl at the spare parts rate are 3000 but for the same part they charge rs 8000 in service center the price of the parts are double in the service center because of this quality of toyota are damaged .
they should reduce the charge of the car parts .
in toyota charges should be reasonable labour charges are more so it should be reasonable . they should give claim completely .
they should give add on service and free washing facility to the customer . they should provide service discounts . car servicing and break servicing be free .
there should be improvement in charges the quality parts rate should be reduced .
spare parts rate are high . it should be reduced then it will be fine for us .
needs to be done
they take nearby charges . they changed 3 times the costing price . it has a difference of 10 to 15000 rupees . they should fix the price . there is also a difference in estimate price also . the price should be as per the market . because of that the toyota name are been damaged .
they should reduce labour charges . which we pay the bill its amount should be reduce .
the service charge should be reduce .
charges are high many people use toyota so charges should be reasonable they increase a rate yearly so customers could n't afford it .
they should reduce the oil price .
insurance is from dealership that time i ca n't go again and again . full insurance needs to be covered . past 8 years i am customer and a member of parchment they should give some concession 20 charges concession should be provided to customer .
the small 2works also the charge high and they should discount facility also .
charges are more they should reduce charges .
charges should be reduce .
they should less there charges .
i had a scratch on my car . for that scratch it requiem light paint touchup but they say for full paint to do . for small works the charges are high . the service charge should be good .
charges should be reduce .
no improvement require
no improvement require
the toyota needs to reduce the service charges . if someone is going to toyota for servicing the car they charge around 80 , 000 to 85 , 000 but the same work will be completed within12 , 000 to 14 , 000 from outside the local market and that also the full complete service to the car .
service charges was very high hence it should be less .
washing change should be reduce .
there are taking more tax . you should do improvement in this customer cant say anything .
labor charges are more . if the part price is rs . 100 then the labor are rs . 150 so it should be improve .
if the parts are repaired then that parts needs to be changef the problem said by the customers should be solved . if the parts are repaired then thet parts needs to be changed otherurse not . this things needs tobe improved .
no improvement require
they take lots of charge last time i done my claim work in top link toyota and again my clued was damaged and they made another cludge then it was chargeable they take a charges to wrong way . they not satisfied which bill made top link toyota customer had to be pay if we not pay then they not except it .
they should not provide high charges .
the charge seoerate tax for every part that are used . they should charge tax on overall total cost and tax should once . they should charge tax on final anount . it means they tax is applicable in bill also . for separate part and their is also a labor charge on .
they also taken the free service charges and oil servicing charges should be less .
the take 35 400 rupees for pick up and drop but other company provide free facility . this is wrong was an also charge 475 rupees but they give discount facility . maruti also give free service . they should give pick up and drop facility for free .
labor charges and metal charges was more and all customer not know about the metal charges . they put the discounted and customer not understand the rate and taxes .
tax needs to be reduce and spare parts charges also be reduced .
they should improve on their charges , if any part wire are cutter they say to change whole tire . to change that part it will take 40 , 000rs for small and big part they take more charges in which the service charges should be reduced .
now a days car maintaining not easy , because of that at first we are servicing our car for 6 , 000 to 7 , 000 rupees , but now servicing charges is rupees 13 , 000 , but they are not solved the problem my car had occurred filter problem so they are not resolved it . so , too much customer were complained and complained through the mail . but their problem also not solved .
last servicing they take more charge they are taking 19000 to 20000 . they should reduce it .
change should be reduce .
service charges should be reasonable .
service charges was too more hence it should be less so it will help for all customer .
they should reduce the tax .
they should provide reasonable charge .
all customers are not rich so they should compromise who not are afford about service charge in toyota parts have in fixed price like market price . they should a reduce a parts charge for a normal customers so it will batter for us .
discount facility should be there and rate should be reduced .
for washing they take rs1800 outside take only rs 300 to 400 . there is no transparency that customer can there car while servicing which is wrong . i want to watch my car while washing . they should reduce labor charges .
they should take less worker charge . because car spare parts charge are less but worker charge are high . so they should reduce it .
they should charge same at all the places .
they take more charges we i talked about this many time but still now no response for that . for that they should give 10 discount on service .
they should improve on charges . they should reduce 5 from the bill amount
in last service which taken a charges in it should be improve . car . parts charges should be improved . oil filter or break pad charges should be reduce . and also they should give discount on rate .
they should improve on their charges . there was no swiping facility but now they started . because now a days no one carry this much amount in pocket . they should not take extra charges for the whole system . and the charges should be mentioned on the same amount in bill also .
free servicing tax is high if we not take washing facility so they should take less charge because if we not take washing and also take washing both time they will take same rate .
the parts are very costly in service center . the charge should be reduce . the company should reduce the charges for spare parts . they charge rs 8000for break and rs 9000 for fog lamp . this all thing are very costly . if you are taking service charge they should give some parts for free of cost . they take separate charges for break and car window . for oil change and filter change they take service charge and they charge labor charge separately . they take separate labor charge for break change and door change . they should not take separate labor charge .
charges are more . they should do improvement in charges . for that they should give 10 to 15 discount to customer .
they take more labor charges . so it should be 10 reduce .
at the time of servicing the take separate charges for interior cleaning . they should not take separate charge for interior cleaning . when the cleaning is done for interior part and we are paying full amount for charges also .
they should reduce service charges for parts
there are taking more service charges . if we do servicing for some work from outside they take rs 250 but here they take rs 350 so rs 100 they are charging more . they are taking tax vat charges \? servicing is expensive over here compare to outside .
they should give discount on charge , so it will good .
change should be reduce .
i get discount when i have swift car but here they are not give any discount . they servicing my car and done alignment balance without reason and take charges also from me .
we do n't have to pay for cleaning but i pay at service center . i had not done any servicing only change oil . last time when i visited they give me free service .
they should not take charge on small expenses .
service charge should be reduce maximum .
they should not take more charges for balancing they are taking more amounts for outside . they should reduce it and not charge for vat .
no improvement require
they should give free service for 1st 2nd visit .
service charge should be reduce .
they should improve the charges . if the service charges are reduced then it will be good .
spare parts charge should be reduce .
the working quality should be improved , it the part are repaired it should be changed . the spare parts are not good .
my first servicing was free but at the time of second servicing they take oil charges , labor charges servicing charges from me .
i changed the car mirror so they taken the charges rs . 300 . and spare parts charges also more , hence it should be less .
material charges are more . they should reduce it 20 .
charges for the side mirror , 800 charges for painting compare to honda it is very high .
the payment should be improved . they do n't make the bill as the service completed . they make the bill at the time of delivery of car . they should make the bill as soon as the car service completed .
they should improve on service charges all charge are high . if we give the car in other center the charge are low as compared to here .
they should do improvement in charges . free service is there but they are taking rs . 5 , 500 so they should not take this they should take less money . free service should be absolutely free .
charges required the improvement they should give special discounts on servicing .
service charges should be reduce .
there should be improvement in charges . they should reduce the charges for spare parts .
charges is very high charges should be reduced .
labor charges are more at chowdhury . they are taking alignment or balancing charges general charges which are taken by outside they should charge that much only .
as compared to other company service charge the toyota lanson villupuram dealership service are very high . for radiator change they charged labor charge rs 800 . toyota lanson villupuram maintence charges 1 , 00 , 000km above the service charges are high .
service center do n't have facility of repairing damage . charges tax are more so they should improve it .
service charge rate should be reduced then it will be good . overall 6 month service they take 50 , 000 for that .
all the service is good but charges are little bit high for us . the changes should be reduced then it high for us . the changes should be reduced then it will be good .
they should give so go discount to a regular customer and also they should fixed smile pack for one year in smile pack should be have labor charge .
i think that they are not giving payment perfectly to there labours so they leave job . they should give payment as per there capability like as per experience labour they should give perfect payment .
they are charging more for tax on charges . we are servicing from toyota itself but they should reduce the tax charges then only it will be comfortable for the normal people .
they should tell us the fire amount or charge whatever charges are .
charges for services are comparatively high , spare items charges are more , 2500 something cost .
charges location should improve but charges should be improved most like they should after some discount .
there are making more amount of bill at service center . we ca n't say anything to them for small work like alignment oil change or alc cleaning they are taking more amount .
they should improve charges . labor charges are more .
harsha thiruvallur dealership service charges are very high . the spare parts rate are very high so that the sprat rate should be reduced then it will be good .
the charges of toyota are very high they should reduce the charges then it will be good .
which work they done for this they take a charges but which work i told them which they did n't do because of lack of material and parts also are not available , so it should be improve and parts should be available . for this we will ready to pay more .
they are taking more labour service charges .
they should reduce charges of servicing .
the service charges are very high . they charge are very high as compared to past so company should reduce the changes then it will be fine .
they are taking more money compare to outside as labor charges . for gas ac etc . work they take double charges . akola not doing work well .
larboard charges are very high it needs to be reduced .
they should not take high service charges .
the front glass are not clean the properly . they need to clean all the parts . to change the car door they charge labor charge was rs 2000 . chrages are very high . labor charge should be reduce . the accessory in market worth is rs 10 to 12 but in toyota they charges rs 55 to 100 so it need to be improve . they should charge limited amount for labor charge it is 40 to 60 high charges as compared to toyota . if the charges are comfortable to the customers they wont go to the market . for some problem their should be replacement facility so that they should improve the charges .
charge should be reasonable charge should be reduce 10 so it will good for us . service quality is good but charge are high .
charges should be reduced and the parts are very lustily . if the service charges we reduce that time increase the labour charges . how much we reduced the same charge need to be taken .
spare and labor charges should be reduced 5 to 10 should be less .
charges should be reduce .
service charges are high . for oil filter charge , diesel filter check all that . they are taking more changes .
they take 5000 rest for service alignment and charge are high . they should work as per amount they take . the car ghale was not closed properly for this the charge rs 40000 if i did the same work from outside it will cost around 7000 to 8000 rs . the estimate price was rs 30000 but actual the bill amount was rs 40000 . they should reduce the charges .
charges are heavy . they take tax vat charges . for every part they take machine some charges . for every car for every time they take 10 , 000 to 15 , 000 for servicing . we can take new car in that service charges should be fixing .
everybody think line they should not take charges or take less charges . i think they should do free servicing as per warranty .
charges should be 20 to 30 reduce . it should be reasonable so we can think to buy new car . charges are more .
service charges should be reduced because they charge very high . the charges are high as compared to market toyota charges are very high so that we like to do with the market the range should be as per the market charges needs to be improved .
the service cost is too much . so sharayu toyota should be little bit lesser than that . last time they charges me rs . 2 , 000 so it should be lesser than that .
the charges should be more less . to their daily or service regular customers they should some promotional things .
no improvement require
they are taking more charge 's , they have to reduce the charge 's
once my car was break down dealership staff coordinate with me and solve my problem very carefully . it was road side assistance so definitely it was heart touching when my car was breakdown its front red headlight was seems to be red ray . at that time i called the customer care they immediately came and solve my problem .
spare parts charges was more , and labor charges is ok
