last time appointment was been cancelled .
they give us time for the service appointment but if any other vehicle comes , they start doing servicing of that vehicle before we come .
last time when i made a call for appointment not a single phone was connecting .
i always taken appointment before the one day but then also after the visiting number was arriving late as well as i was facing problems .
if we get the appointment on the time which we want so it will be ok .
for appointment we have to call them 1 week to 2 weeks before .
whenever we call they give us appointment after 3 4 days .
you can improve your service i want next day appointment but they gave me after one week appointment .
servicing must be done perfectly in the given appointment time .
when we call for the appointment they should give the appointment on same day .
t get the quick booking service from the dealership they are taking approx .
to get the appointment for servicing the car , ca n't get the appointment on own convenience time .
appointment should be improved , they are not appointed when our given time , they giving other time .
i look for the slot time by 9 00am and 9 30am but i always get the appointment by 11 00am or 11 30am or 12 00pm even i take 1week prior appointment i get the same so , it should 9 00am or 9 30am so that it would be comfortable .
they are taking more time to give appointment we should get appointment early .
they told me to do booking and when i had done the booking they told there are many cars .
so i told but i had done the booking then they took my car .
when we take appointment of the car we face problem at that time .
we should get appointment in 2 3 days .
appointment should get on same day .
appointments first day they should be calling to the customer , otherwise we taken away the car at service center , then we returning back our car .
another companies call if we take a appointment but they are not call us , they should be called once in month .
for appointment they on time like before 1 month before 1 week 1day or 1hour also they car , but they not give car on time after servicing then what is user call .
appointment time should be need to checking .
the customer care not given directly appointment time .
hence , should be cross checking the appointment time
i am wait till 2 month to get service appointment they should thing customer was wait till month so they should give the appointment early
they take more time for appointment at dsk pune .
they are not giving appointment immediately after phone call .
we told them kilometer of car then they should give me appointment after 1 or 2 days but they give me appointment after 1 1 .
so we get more time for appointment .
i get appointment of long time .
they should given an appointment in 2 to 3 days because my car was used 200 km per day .
we used to wait for 1 month for appointment or 25 days we used to wait .
every time we have to book an appointment through toll free numbers only .
the appointment needs to be there given within half days .
they should improve the appointment time schedule .
they gave appointment after 4 5 days .
gives 3 days of gap after booking an appointment .
now a days everyone is in a hurry and if someone is asking for an appointment , they should be provided with it .
for example if we want tomorrow appointment then his guys are not ready to give , they postpone the day after a week or 2 week later that time his guys are available .
they should do improvement in appointment timing .
they should not take 15 20 days for appointment it should get within 1 week because i am free on saturday because i require car on those days so that why i require appointment as much as possible .
when we demand for appointment they should give it in minimum 7 days .
booking should be happen fast .
when we call for appointment at that time mobile was switch off .
