waiting area must be clean .
the waiting area should be more clean neat .
cup saucer was remain there long time so they should do proper cleaning .
the cleanliness is not good .
first they are say you are car is ready we can come to take it but when we come to dealership that time staff are doing policing and cleaning the car so that should be improved .
the condition cleanliness of the car should be improved .
the waiting area should be more clean .
in waiting room their should be an more cleanliness .
there is no cleanliness .
should do properly clean waiting room .
customer 's car should be clean properly and return it in 2 3hours they should not take more time .
need improvement on sittings and also everything should be clean .
waiting area should be properly neat and clean , they should have a canteen , and it \?
it should be good well cleaned .
waiting room need to be more clean .
service charge is too much , must be reduce it and keep the cleanliness of waiting room .
cleanness is very poor .
increase the proper capacity , cleaning must be there , electrical room freshener must be available there it is much be working condition .
they should be clean all things .
they should put tv in waiting area waiting area should be neat clean service center people should be improve waiting area .
these should be proper cleaning good atmosphere over there so customer feel good .
they should have clean good bathroom .
they provide rest room but it should be more neat clean .
waiting area should be clean .
it should be cleaned .
in waiting area cleanness washroom are not good .
in waiting area sunlight comes , so feeling hot they should be clean also should be little bit cage in waiting area .
at waiting area the pillow and bed are cleaning so it should be cleaning
at waiting area is not cleaning , there sofa very dirty , it should be changed also it cleaning .
waiting area needs to be clean there should be change in housekeeping staff .
waiting area should be clean it properly .
waiting area was not in proper cleaning .
they have to improve the cleanliness .
should improve comfort area and clean the waiting area .
due to less staff wait time is more , cleanness facilities are not available
washroom dustbin should be neat clean , they should improve the whole system .
they should replace the fans with ac in waiting area , should have charging points and waiting should be neat clean .
cleanliness stuff was here there in waiting area .
suppose we go to buy brand of mercedes audi or bmw their display cleanliness have premium smell .
waiting area should be clean
they should clean a waiting aria tries \( morning , afternoon , evening \)
wi fi not connected at waiting area waiting area is not clean .
perilously the waiting area was clean .
waiting area is not clean and they do not response us .
