they have to improve the washing centers .
stain of the water remain on the vehicle after washing .
car wash services are not good .
previously i received call from service center about the feedback i had given same feedback regarding he wash services but still it not improved .
once i had done car wash from outside dealer they had everything properly .
when they use machines to wash , side and front of car are not cleaned properly .
after that they wash the car .
the car is not washed properly after a wash also it is seemed to be oily .
they don t give proper washing to our cars .
last time when i went there for servicing they said that they would wash my car but the car was not washed properly .
the water washing of the vehicle is not good .
interior cleaning washing should be done properly .
they should wash the car more cleanly .
should wash car properly , dust should not remain inside .
they should focus on washing of vehicle .
vehicle is full of dust after wash .
they have to wash the vehicle properly before delivering it .
when we are asked regarding the washing they are saying that we had received the same order from the higher authority .
cleanliness service should be improved water washing service should be providing to customer
they should wash the body of the car more properly .
they should wash properly vehicle and give us .
if they give more concentration like they wash glass of vehicle from outside should wash from inside also .
so their should be an one person that who can look after cleanliness and washing of car then only they should deliver the car to customer .
they refused me to give a due wash slip , next time because they didn t have that facility with them .
so they offered me a discount of rs 200 if they don t have to perform the wash .
normally the charge of wash is rs 500 .
they even told me that if i don t wash my car at that time then they would give me rs 200 immediately .
i told them that i don t want the rs 200 rather i would come after 3 4 days or after a week with a due slip for the wash .
so that i can be able to wash it some other day , because at that time my car didn t needed any washing .
water wash service should be improved .
washing of cars needs to improve more like it should be cleaner .
they should wash the vehicle properly and should work as per customer needs .
water wash is not done properly .
they are just washing with normal water as the car is new .
they should wash the car properly and should do proper work .
they should wash the vehicle properly .
washing of the car should be cleaner .
their washing services are not good .
washing of vehicle should be proper .
faced difficultied 2 times they do n't do clear wash .
their staff should be informed that if any vehicle comes for washing they should wash that car properly .
engine was dusty so they said we cannot wash engine .
they should wash vehicle 100 percent from inside as well as outside .
previously i have ford car their washing service are good .
but toyota people just hitting water not washing clearly .
they should wash it inside as well as from outside like new car .
they don t do anything in servicing they just wash our car and return us car .
they should proper wash the car and they were doing the work on car which customer told them .
they have to improve the cleanliness like water washing and interior parts 2 \) if they do the correct water washing we are cover that washing for one month
water wash service is not much good .
having some problem with car washing .
they are taking long time for car washing .
for water wash there is only 1 person so it is not done properly so instead if there would be 4 people then maybe they can do it properly .
they should take more care in washing , because there is no equipment s available with the technician the man power is also less .
washing is need to improve .
washing is need to improve .
interior washing is not good .
should do improvement on the water wash of the car .
i am not satisfied with the service of the water wash of done by them .
they should do a to z cleaning while doing water wash .
they should properly wash the car that s it .
should check the washing and all .
they do not wash or polish the car , bumper , dashboard properly properly .
i mean that the water wash service is free of cost hence i think that they are not servicing this water service properly other than that the service are good only .
thus need improvement on water wash services .
so they didn t wash the car cleanly .
they should do proper washing of the car
washing is not done properly .
they should open the bonnet and wash it
in service center not properly wash the car , we need to told where it is washed .
customer should wash the car properly give it to us .
cleanliness as water wash service was not done properly .
they should a to z water wash , interior work and glass work properly
car should wash with water .
we are unable to wash our car , for money they are doing very well but we are also paid 500 for car washing .
the condition and cleanliness the washing is so bad , their washing was not properly done .
during my last servicing they were not properly wash my car .
there soil and water were after washing car still in the car .
they should a to z water wash and glass work properly
vacuum facilities and clearing and washing is not good means out of 100 only 90 we car give the mark .
they should wash it properly .
till we not tell them to wash properly they just say yes yes but they washed the car as they to wash .
they are not doing the water washing properly .
but water washing is not ok .
they are not properly wash the car , water remaining on the car glass .
and also should be change the washing machine .
they people are not washing the car properly they should wash the car properly .
they are not cleaning or water washing service interiorly and superiorly
whenever visit the car they have to check the car with a proper manner properly wash the car .
every time they were not properly washing the car after servicing the car every time there was need to be told them telling the done it properly but every customer was told them to make the proper washing they should be give attention while washing the car there should be no any need of customer remind the service advisor to washing car properly .
car washing should be do properly .
they told they wash car but when it saw is not like that they wash car properly
and one person should be their to check the car washing as done properly or not .
there should be improvement for car washing .
washing has to be done .
then the washing will be good and the time will be saved too .
washing has to be heaved weight .
sometimes water wash is not good .
they should wash car properly .
they only wash with water .
when we visit service center for servicing the car they wash from downside then they start servicing after servicing they wash the car from upper side .
so they should wash from downside inside also .
the executive should be attention the staff he wash the cars .
they should be wash the car properly .
after the water wash they need to apply grease then all required parts .
they should wash car properly .
they should give proper attention while cleaning washing of the car .
car washing should be done properly .
they should wash polish car properly .
car washing is not proper .
they follow new technology like they should auto wash the car .
they had not wash car properly they should do water cleaning properly .
water wash is not done properly and only body wash is done .
they are not doing water washing properly
they should train staff like how to use machinery how to wash car .
they wash my car but it not cleaned .
water washing in not good .
interior washing should be developed .
they should be improvement in washing of car they are not washing car properly from downside .
they should wash properly .
they done servicing properly but in washing has some problem like they do n't put air cleanliness done less .
car washing should be done properly .
washing is not good .
we give the car to wash them that we can also do at home .
they have to improve cleanliness washing after servicing .
they have to improve the water washing
all equipment 's are available over there but staffs not there have knowledge how to use it they are not trained properly the should training to them they should trained how to talk with customer and how to wash the car they should have fear of senior and junior .
car washing should be proper .
they did not done water washing properly .
they have to improve the water washing
while servicing they are not properly washed our car , inside the car and seats under parts are not cleaning properly , while washing , also they are damaged some parts , they taken till 10 minutes to wash our car , dust and dirt remaining our car .
three times i given my car for servicing , but , they are not properly wash my car till three services .
they should wash the car properly carefully .
i have taken 20000km premium interior wash and 20000 servicing .
washing is very bad .
wash the car properly so that customer does not have to complaint about it .
they should wash car properly .
dealership should intimate to staffs to wash the car properly .
they have to do water washing and cleanness properly 3 .
it should feel like it is wash .
they are doing water wash service but the interior parts are not cleaned properly .
comparing to mahindra company toyota company water wash is not good .
service center dealership is good but the washing is not good .
they are not doing water service properly its like they are taking cloth wash it .
before they do water wash properly .
washing is not done properly .
washing is not proper in toyota service center .
i mentioned that engine wash from outside was not properly .
as comparing maruti with toyota , maruti washing is good .
staff not have knowledge how to wash the car
interior water washing is not good
they are not washing properly inside outside of the car so they should properly wash the car .
they should wash the vehicle properly service center should open till late evening .
they have to do the water washing properly .
they don t wash car properly from inside as well as outside .
toyota company should improve 100 in the washing of vehicle .
car should be shine after wash and parts of the car also should shine after wash which don t shine at all .
if they want to take money like 15 , 00 1600 like for washing should wash properly .
cleanliness is not like that booming and washing is enough .
while servicing they did not wash the car properly .
they should neatly wash the front back side of car .
for water washing the dealer person said that there is no a person in not available so will do the same in next day previous it was good presently they are washing interior parts only not at external parts .
car washing should be done properly .
every time i complaint about car washing .
after servicing washing of headlight was not proper .
they are not doing the water washing properly after servicing
washing of vehicle is not proper .
at last servicing the washing work is not proper
they are doing the water washing at sunrise , due to less parking area .
if even , we take paid service we have to pay 1000 just for washing with only water .
they don t even ask after washing when we go to take car after wash we found water stains on car .
at lanson dealership water wash is not good .
engine , interior wash , under seat , glass etc .
water wash is not done properly that need to be resolved .
the main correction should do in washing .
if they are washing the vehicle then its their responsibility that they should wash vehicle properly .
when we go to receives our car after service they don t wash car properly .
they are taking more time for water washing .
they have to provide water washing centers .
the water stains very left on my car and the washing center staff should do their work properly .
at lanson dealership does water washing on exterior part and do not do cleaning in interior part and the dust remains .
the washing should be perfect .
they should wash the car from inside base part .
we cannot able to do water washing of car hence we give it to dealership hence the dealership need to wash the car properly .
while washing car they do not wash on bottom part .
they just say we will wash your vehicle complete but this is happened from last 2 service with me , they said they will wash car completely but when i went to take car near 4 5 pm they say polish of car is pending .
they not done a car washing prospered way another which service they provide , which is very good .
we are giving the more amount for water washing , but they have to do proper cleanliness of water washing to the car
car condition and water wash in anaamalai dealership should be improved because after the water wash of the car , the stain remains the same in the glass .
after washing our car it had remains at dots of water .
they should wash car properly .
1 \) the cleanliness and water washing is not good , due to more vehicles , so they have to increase the service centers .
full water wash should be provided while servicing the car .
the washing is not proper every time , all times there were washing problem .
they did not wash car properly stain remain same on the car .
they staff should wash the car properly .
the washing is not done properly .
i also has mahindra car their washing system is good .
in lanson nandanam dealership the water wash is not proper like the stains used to remain the same .
from a z clear water wash should be provided to customer .
so i complaint to the manger so he called the staff to wash my car properly .
should be provide them more time for washing then they wash a car properly .
when car go for washing , so there have only 2 3 worker for washing and also thee have lots of car , so they have to service all car and washing also .
they should wash properly .
they should wash proper and then deliver the car .
car should be wash properly car servicing should be doing properly .
i told them to wash only and put in side then also they putted wax oil was spread in every place like on seat and door etc .
they have to deliver the vehicle with proper water washing and cleanliness
