service center should provide comfortable time for servicing from there end .
last time appointment was been cancelled .
they should have consult with the owner about the servicing time .
whenever customer need to get service they should do servicing it that time frame .
if we want to take our vehicle out of city at that time they should do servicing of our car .
as there are so many cars which executive need to follow so it takes much more time and i sat for long time .
they give us time for the service appointment but if any other vehicle comes , they start doing servicing of that vehicle before we come .
if we take appointment then they tell us to visit by 10 11 or if we visit on time they do not able provide service on time .
if they are providing a time period then they should fulfill on given time .
it would be convenient for customers like me if the service center is in the local area , as it will save the time as well as the crowd will be less .
they should deliver car at the promised time .
they should do the work which they committed and also should not take too much time .
they should not take too much time of customers .
when customer comes in dealership that time they should quickly attend the customer give to proper response .
it would be good if they receive the car on time it means when we are taken number for appointment on the same number they should receive the car .
after service while collecting vehicle it took too much time .
if we get the appointment on the time which we want so it will be ok .
if any customer take appointment that time they should tell to the customer how much vehicle is there for the servicing and how much time it will take .
and outside customer like i went to korba from vilaspur and they were giving me two days time for servicing so i had to stay there for 2 days so that i could do complete servicing and need not come again .
they gave me 1 pm timing and i reached on correct time but they took the car for servicing at 4 pm .
servicing must be done perfectly in the given appointment time .
1week 2 days time to book the servicing request .
t have time to drop my car usually i ask them to pick the car , but they give me dates when i am not free .
service must be done on time
they should have fullest service they should give appointment on time also
if they do n't have time then we can do it at evening .
to get the appointment for servicing the car , ca n't get the appointment on own convenience time .
i have one problem that we are not getting appointment on time and if there is any festival that we are facing some problem .
when we taken the appointment that time car service must be done .
appointment should be improved , they are not appointed when our given time , they giving other time .
i look for the slot time by 9 00am and 9 30am but i always get the appointment by 11 00am or 11 30am or 12 00pm even i take 1week prior appointment i get the same so , it should 9 00am or 9 30am so that it would be comfortable .
they take your car for servicing any time whenever you take your car at service station .
they are taking more time to give appointment we should get appointment early .
they have to provide the communicated time period when they receive the vehicle .
during the servicing time , the dealership staff must say to customers to sit and we will do your work .
so they should give appointment to customer on time .
servicing should be done in time to time .
when we take appointment of the car we face problem at that time .
if we give the car for servicing they take more time to return it .
at the time of purchasing car they give me conation i faced problem in that they have one branch nearby fishayalal ormanji .
appointment time should be need to checking .
the customer care not given directly appointment time .
hence , should be cross checking the appointment time
when the customer is already in the service center with their vehicle with his confirm time , then that vehicle should be immediately taken for service not by keeping the vehicle out keeping the customers sitting taking the vehicle for service in 1 hour or 2 hours is not .
they take more time for appointment at dsk pune .
so they should not take this much time .
as soon as the car enters the advisor needs to check the car toughly if any problem arises handle the problem on the same time .
if we visit there on appointment taken time then also they are not take car on time .
so we get more time for appointment .
i get appointment of long time .
some time we are busy we have no time .
that time they should provide pick up drop service is good for us .
before started the worked they should informed us how much it will take time .
after committed the time they should delivered a car on time .
every time we have to book an appointment through toll free numbers only .
while appointment which time they given for servicing , work should be done on that time and also they should not take another car for servicing which car came first for servicing they should prefer them first .
i never went to service center by taking an appointment because whenever i went there they do the servicing at that time because that time the cars are not present there which have taken time for the servicing .
they should improve the appointment time schedule .
if there is a customer who is free or has lots of time and if he wants to take his car to the service center and requests the service center people for the same , the service center people should pay attention to the customers request .
for example if we want tomorrow appointment then his guys are not ready to give , they postpone the day after a week or 2 week later that time his guys are available .
when car gone there for servicing that time service advisor should come because he was came late .
they should do improvement in appointment timing .
there not giving appointment on time .
they should deliver the car at the give time but here it takes more time to deliver the car .
