they have to clean inside the vehicle .
after servicing there was dust , so they should clean dust inside the car properly .
they should do good cleaning of vehicle .
when we receive vehicle after servicing , they don t clean vehicle properly .
there was dust in my car even after cleaning .
so i came out of the car clean it from myself then i had done my travel .
entrance part of vehicle , it should be clean .
they should clean the glass of the vehicle properly .
also it should properly clean from inside .
should clean it properly .
they should clean the car properly and also they should clean the inside of the car .
they should do proper cleaning of the vehicle .
washing cleaning of vehicle should be more proper .
when i went in morning to dealership they clean my car but when i took my vehicle back from dealership there was dust particles on my car which they suppose to clean .
they should do the proper cleaning of interior part of the vehicle .
the cleanliness and condition of the vehicle when it is returned i really don t like as it was not been washed properly as on the vehicle some patches or dots every time remain and i have told many times and when i told them clean the vehicles properly they told it will be extra charged for cleaning properly as my son cleans the vehicle better than them
after completing 1 year of the car then they should clean the fiber from their end should not charge for it .
if we give vehicle for cleaning in other service center then it could be fiber damage due to use of different chemical .
if you will do the service it would be better because you know very well which chemical should be used to clean the vehicle .
sometimes they forget to clean soil .
while answering the cleanliness question i rated as 4 as i already mentioned they do not clean the vehicle properly .
they clean only when we ask them or show it instead they should do it before we tell them i always give them complaint about cleanliness they always do it only after complaint .
so there is still complaint about the same if this part of their work is clean than there is no issue in any other thing .
there is no other thing except they should wash or clean properly without any complaint .
they should clean the vehicle properly as we need to instruct them on cleaning
they should clean car properly .
in door area dust remains after was so they should clean it properly .
ac in front of dashboard and inside door place should clean neatly .
the dirt was still there inside the car when i was went there to pick up the car there is dirt found in the car then they take the car inside clean it again .
speak with the customers and whatever , we tell they must clean and do not ask to leave us .
cleaning of vehicle should be proper .
they don t clean small parts of car like rubbers of door , gaps between door windows .
if we give vehicle for cleaning to any local service station in village they clean vehicle in just 300 rupees and if we clean internal parts they clean in 600 rupees only .
we pay 1500 rupees still they did not clean my car properly .
i am not happy with cleaning of vehicle .
in my last service my experience of washing was little bad so supervisor should be focused on cleaning of vehicles .
technique with they use for cleaning is proper but windows glass rubbers strip of doors corners are not cleaning properly .
and the while entering the mat they didn t clean that .
they just wash it for once or twice but by rule they should wash it until it is not clean but they charge for extra washing , which is a problem for every owner .
sometimes car is not clean properly .
they should clean the interior portion of the car .
they should clean the downside of the seats , gates ceilings properly .
they must do the cleaning properly .
they must clean the car properly .
when they are in hurry they do not clean the car properly
they clean car from outside but from inside car was not cleaned .
they should clean the vehicle properly and should check the vehicle properly , they should put the papers on all 4 seats without reminding them .
they should concentrate on small parts also when they clean the car .
they do not clean the vehicle properly when given for cleaning .
after washing the car staff should be proper checking the cleanliness of vehicle because sometimes car mud is not clean .
they never clean the car .
cleaning is not done properly .
cleaning should be done properly .
car should be completely clean when we get the car outside after servicing .
they need to clean the car completely and properly .
they do not clean tires mudguard properly as they only pour water on it so they should clean it by using brush .
they did not do proper cleaning inside the car .
if cleaning would be done good then we also be happy
cleaning must be done .
after car wash they do polishing due to which car did not clean and it made it unclean .
polishing is a part of cleaning that also they do not do it .
i had pay 1250 rupees for the dry cleaning but they had clean vehicle such way we clean it our house .
when clean vehicle from other place they clean properly and they charged 700 800 rupees after dry cleaning they called me and ask if you have any problem then you can tell us .
they didn t clean vehicle deeply if i ask them about this then they said that we will clear later .
they not clean properly dashboard .
they should clean stains which are on the mats and seat .
we face many problems because of this cleaning .
they have to clean the vehicle properly
sometimes they are not clean the car .
adviser should be look those staff who is cleaning vehicle because of they not clean properly .
if they clean 4 vehicles , he looks 4 vehicles and if they take 1 vehicle he looks 1 vehicle .
adviser must clean vehicle under his observation so customer should not say after the servicing .
they must clean dashboard .
after servicing car do not clean properly .
when work gets over of car should clean , wash properly , polilsh properly but they are making quality bad .
they should be provide vehicle after proper clean .
sometimes mat was not clean properly also not drying so it should be done properly .
they should clean and check the vehicle properly before hand over to customer
the cleaning of the car should be more after servicing .
vehicle should be clean neat and proper .
they should do proper cleaning of the vehicle .
if they are clean the quarter that quality was good and they are clean in water spray but water spray is not cleaning the car properly so if they are cleaning the car properly cars looking was good .
supervisor should be check the vehicle it was proper washing cleaning or not then they should give car to customer staff should be more cooperative with customer
they should do proper cleaning of the vehicle .
car body wash should be clean properly and expert staff should be washing the car .
they should clean the spots etc .
and clean the car properly .
the washing and all inside and outside basically it was not clean .
in the cleaning process they clean the engine keep the engine for drying in the open space so due to this dust mud is collected in the engine .
service staff are not clean the vehicle properly .
sometimes dust is there in car inside they not clean the dust .
when customer give the servicing for car that time staff should properly clean the vehicle .
glass did not clean after wash the car .
they done other parts clean properly but glass not .
after serving should clean the dust and soil from the car .
they wash the car even then dust is available on the car as we are also into business we also have experienced so it does not look good if we ask them to clean again .
in car washing they should use shampoo and properly clean the car .
they should improve more on the services when the clean the vehicle , they should clean it completely .
they should ask the customer first about the work needed to done on the vehicle and they should do a proper cleaning of the vehicle .
car should be clean properly .
after washing the car , they are park in outside so they should park to car in side delivery time staff should clean the car then give to customer .
little little water drops get remain on the vehicle should clean properly .
the cleanliness of the vehicle is not good , and they are not clean types properly .
the cleanliness department donot clean vehicle properly .
i already said that my vehicle has gone thru village roads so clean properly .
they should be clean interior during washing .
they should clean the car as they are taking money , they should clean the properly and clean the mats also .
sometimes they are not clean the car bottom side and wheel alignment is not properly done so that should be improved .
they do not clean properly even they do not do anything in bonnet .
they do not clean the small parts when the car is given for cleaning .
they clean after telling them about this .
cleanliness service should be improved because they are washing the car but after they not clean the car .
first they should check the vehicle it is clean or not then they should give car to customer .
if we received the vehicle by the 7 00pm then we do not get proper clean vehicle .
we pay 1500rs for cleaning but they do not clean it .
before delivery supervisor should check the vehicle it is clean or not .
interior cleaning of the car is not done properly so this should be improved .
they are washing the car but some of parts they are not clean so they should properly clean the car also clean the glass .
the staff of service center should performed the work properly and should clean the vehicle properly .
oil servicing is not done properly as they do not clean properly .
staff who are doing oil service should wear gloves so that it would be more clean .
they should keep in mind corner glass while cleaning .
they should clean by removing seat and mateen and also should use vacuum cleaner
focus should be little on cleaning .
they should clean the car 's mat properly as car 's mat always have sand after servicing
first they should clean the vehicle then give to customer
they do n't clean which should happen .
should clean from inside also they should check that glass is properly cleaned or not .
700 for its cleaning .
first they must do the cleaning of the stains which occur duing servicing and later they must another cleaning and all
we see lot of dust inside the car which should clean .
while cleaning the car they should clean it completely like body wash , interior work act should be done properly .
they have to clean proper
they do n't clean car properly .
we have to stand over their and ask them to clean .
they do n't do clean but they steal the new stuff of car .
they should clean the vehicle properly and should the cleaning of the vehicle properly before give it to customer .
cleaning was not done from inside .
their service advisor must go and check if complete cleaning is done or no
the parts which they see they clean that part but the small small parts like mirror they do not clean .
whenever i open the car over here i see that so many stain remain on desk board , on glass i deep on saying to clean up properly .
they should improve the cleaning quality .
they had clean the car properly from outside but inside under the desk little it was dusty so i tell them they cleaned up which i did n't like .
they should reduce the rate and should clean properly .
internal cleaning should be proper , they takes charges of full cleaning .
1 year back they were doing proper cleaning but now a days cleaning is not done properly
cleanliness service should be improved because they are not clean the car properly .
they should clean the vehicle properly and should hand over the vehicle only when then vehicle get fully dry .
need to clean the car completely .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
make them notice that customers are giving them feedback that cleaning is not done properly then they must do it correct , then everything will be fine
they should improve the cleaning process in the interior of the vehicle .
they should use vacuum for cleaning .
for cleaning , they use some kind of oil spray for cleaning .
after 2 days of cleaning dust appears on the interiors .
cleaning service should be improved because sometimes they are clean only upper side inside of car they are not clean properly so they should be properly clean all side of car .
cleanings service should be improved .
sometimes they are washing but car was not properly clean .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
they should be clean and wash vehicle properly .
they should clean properly upside , downside and bonnet .
when they clean the car at that time they must clean it from inside also .
boys who are kept there for cleaning should be of good quality and you must see if they are doing their work right
they should do the proper cleaning of the interior parts also .
they are not clean the car properly sometimes they are not clean the inside of car aim always say after washing properly clean the car they should be use to deiseal for car washing
they should properly clean the vehicle .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
the car belongs to who ever their technician should do proper cleaning .
we complete the cleaning in front of us .
we have to tell them as here is the stain there is the stain clean it .
being a customer we know how to clean it then they should know better than us it will clean through which material and how .
earlier the advisor himself informed us about cleaning by handover the key .
they should clean wash the vehicle properly .
sometimes staffs are not clean the outside of car so they should properly clean the vehicle .
the cleaning of the vehicle should be done properly .
they do not do cleaning of the vehicle properly .
even if the servicing is done properly but the cleaning properly .
the cleaning is not good 2they have to do their work perfectly in cleaning the vehicle
the cleaning is not good .
there should be one person at the time of cleaning of the vehicle .
cleanliness service should be improved because they are not clean the car properly .
they should improve in the cleaning of the car as they should do it properly .
so they should improve in their cleaning products .
they should clean vehicle properly .
cleaning service should be improved because sometimes inside of car they are not clean properly so they should be properly clean all side of car .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
they should improve the service in the internal cleaning done to the vehicle .
they should clean the vichle properly its should also do the denting painting properly
seats all was not clean properly .
if we see car from outside it looks clean but from inside they don t clean vehicle properly .
at night time they did not clean vehicle properly .
the stains do not get completely clean .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
they are cleaning in upper side it is good but they are not clean in inside like seat cover other side so they should clean the vehicle in all side .
they should clean the spots on near the tires .
they not even clean my vehicle i told anything because i was in hurry .
they said for cleaning you take car tomorrow so only for cleaning we can t wait till next day .
washing service should be improved because sometimes they are not clean in ground position of vehicle .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
car 's cleaning is not done properly .
they did not clean properly inside dashboard .
they said will charge extra for it means for internal cleaning .
worker should clean vehicle properly after service or their hands should be clean while servicing .
then they charge 650 rs for cleaning .
they are not clean the car in all side so they should properly clean the car delivery time they should check the vehicle it is clean or not .
after servicing they touch seats and grease stain was as it is on seats of my car so it should be clean well .
they should concentrate on the cleaning of the vehicle and they should check the vehicle properly before give it to the customer .
after cleaning also , they put many spots of water same on vehicle .
the should do clean vehicle from inside properly .
cleaning should be well even the plastice over the glass also clean properly .
they are not clean the car properly sometimes they are wash in upper side so that should be improved properly clean the car .
all cleaning the car they are not setting the speaker properly some of glass was not cleaning so they should improved in cleanness service .
they should clean our vehicle properly from inside .
stain on sides and dashboard should be clean properly .
we need to give money to the staff ask them to wipe the car clean which is wrong .
when we go to take the car it should be clean .
thy did not clean it from inside and they did not have spare parts also .
the condition of service center should neat clean .
cleaning service should be improved because they are not clean the inside of car .
we asked them for wash but there was a spiders web in my car dickey and they did not clean it .
they don t clean our car properly .
they should do proper cleaning and washing of vehicle .
our car should be clean on time period given to us .
i took my care for servicing but they did n't clean the car .
they are not clean the glass , car body , interior , kit , dashboard so that should be properly clean the vehicle .
they should use shampoo to clean even for polish .
cleaning was not completely , i came to know this after changing my battery .
car should be proper clean while returning it other wise customer will not going to visit again .
they have to see themselves that what they can do the cleaning because cleaning of company is not up to the mark .
maybe toyota not following proper way to clean car .
there were some issues on dashboard cleaning .
they does not clean and wash properly .
they are using the same cloth to clean the all parts of the vehicle
they don t clean car properly from downside neither from inside .
they don t clean car properly from downside neither from inside .
they don t clean properly .
general cleaning vacuum cleaner should be properly clean the car .
they should clean the car properly .
they should do improvement in the cleaning part .
they should clean the interiors properly .
we leave the car for cleaning those parts where we are not able to clean so they should clean it properly .
after proper cleaning the car then they should call to customer take for the delivery car because sometimes they are not cleaning the car door side not proper clean the car .
i any person visit from long distance then they should clean properly .
if you will provide them they they will clean properly .
they should clean it properly
cleanliness service should be improved because sometimes they are not clean the car .
they have to clean the seats and bumper properly .
after washing they don t clean the car properly , they don t polish the car comparing from outside the charges are high in the toyota kirloskar because of which the customers also face problem we think it is better to give car servicing in outside instead of showroom .
they should clean it properly .
they should clean the car properly provide after servicing .
they should check all the brake systems properly clean the dust from the car and give .
they have to improve the cleanliness after the servicing and even at the vehicle door side , if they improve this customers need not to clean again .
i think they dong fast for cleaning car , if possibility of work load that reasons .
i saw some like dust in last of last service , they should be clean perfectly .
they cleaned properly the vehicle when we took there for routing check if we again give for the servicing that time some grease stains they not clean so they should be clean properly .
they should give more attention at internal cleaning .
for cleaning should we get things from our home \?
they should clean the vehicle inside properly minor washing should be quickly .
services center should be clean .
the cleaning people 's behavior is not good
if any specific cleaning is mentioned for cleaning of car then they should know how to clean it .
they clean and polish the car properly .
they should wash the car properly and should also clean the wheel properly .
they should take care while washing cleaning .
regular cleaning is done by our driver but we go for regular service so that it should look good and interval should be clean .
they are take charge for washing service but they are not properly clean the car so that service should be improved .
water wash should be clean dirt should not be displayed
cleaning and all like should be done after washing actually it is not happening exactly .
delhi is better in quality of cleaning .
they should be more clean and tidy .
interior cleaning should be good .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
do not clean the mud should apply polish on the tire .
cleaning should be improved more .
they should properly clean the car after servicing .
they should clean the vehicle properly and should vacuum in a proper way .
staff should be increased and after entering inside they should proper clean the car .
they are taking charges of car delivery but other companies are not taking charges for it , they should clean the mirrors properly .
they should clean the car properly .
vehicle cleaning service is not good .
they should take care of this and clean vehicle properly .
they should clean the vehicle from inside also including the sides of windows .
they should use shampoo or something also they should use vacuum cleaner to clean the dust
should clean the interior of inside the car properly
they don t do proper cleaning they should check once returning car back to the customers .
they should improve on every side when they deliver car they should clean car before delivery .
internal cleaning is not proper at this dealership .
car should properly clean after the servicing .
some times we found the dust after the servicing so they should clean the vehicle properly .
they should clean the car and then give the delivery .
at dealership there were not properly clean , hence there were cleaning properly
they should clean it properly .
interior cleaning should be done properly .
they are not cleaning car properly inside the car dust is their when we complete about it in clean it
after completing the service , while taking the car it should be more clean .
i am not satisfied , because they were not properly clean polished my car .
they must be properly clean polish car of regular customers .
there should be improvement in car cleaning .
they should clean car properly .
while they are cleaning the car they are not dried water , the cleaning department should be active , and one day they are washed 20 to 30 cars , that 's why , they are not properly drying the water .
customer should be satisfied with the cleaning
when we say then only they clean it .
they have to clean the vehicle properly after servicing .
the advice should personally check the condition of the car the cleaning is done properly or not .
after service they should clean properly give it to us .
they should clean the car second time .
there not cleaning dashboard there is dust on it they should clean car properly .
they should need more supervision , because some of the small incident happening that means regarding the clean lines some hurry burry work was there .
so they should provide proper supervision to the cleaning staff .
engineer should be clean it .
their is not good cleaning .
they need to clean car from inside also .
after servicing the car they should deliver the car in clean condition .
servicing car should be properly neat clean .
if they need time one day extra to deliver car in clean condition then they must take one day .
customers should look out the first cleaning .
cleaning should be do with proper manner
after service they should be clean the car to use wet cloths .
if they should be clean glass with wet cloths m 's gives me good feeling .
i know we not doing paid wash but if they clean properly not only water but also wet cloths .
car was proper clean or not then they deliver the car .
for car cleaning so they should clean it properly .
they should clean 7stain on glass properly
they should be dry clean properly in a car always i has to dry clean .
they should give car after proper checking and cleaning after servicing .
vehicle not clean properly on that condition they return back to the customers they are not check the car completely .
at the time of servicing look after about cleaning of car .
there should be one advisor who check the car after servicing , they should check that the car properly clean or not .
i given the amount for dry cleaning 1500 but they not dry clean properly they not wash the car also .
they are not clean the car properly .
they should take more time clean the car .
cleanness is not good at service centers .
they do n't clean properly inside the bonnet and underside of the vehicle .
they should be clean the car properly .
so we can clean out car at home .
they have to clean the vehicle properly .
they do n't wash the vehicle properly , cleaning is ok .
they clean the interior which is good but the interior part they do n't clean it as dust is found after washing means patches of dust and also they should not park the vehicle very close after the servicing so that the person who open the door they will not take car of the other car standing beside
cleaning and washing should be done more perfectly like interior cleaning of the car and polishing should done more .
servicing car they are not properly cleaning , it should be cleaning properly
they should take care of cleaning they should give car after properly cleaning .
they should clean the dust also .
interior part of the vehicle was ok but the interior part was not cleaned properly and they had missed the right side door cleaning where some dirt were left over .
after i am own cleaning my car at home .
they should clean the car on downside .
they should be little bit improve in cleaning service
in karnal service center first they use to clean the car very will .
they should also clean the car neatly .
during my last car servicing they were not properly cleaned my car after servicing there was greens on my car which i saw on next day i tried clean it but did n't remove .
last time on service they had n't cleaned it properly have to tell them for cleaning .
there should be clean and wash our cars .
in one time only they have to clean it properly
the condition and cleanness when taking the car .
proper cleaning must done .
how much money they are charged for that they do person cleaning
car must be clean properly should not take more time .
they did not done the cleanness .
this should be improved and customers should not feel that the cleanness is not done properly .
if black spot has in seat they should be clean it .
worker should be clean properly .
many they not done the washing bill alignment machine was damage any time this machine was not in working condition washing machine also damage they should told us what are have in washing they had to clean sheet or roof it should be take care what happening close monetary engineer should be have monetary to understand about business point of view their flow or not .
they have to clean the car properly .
there are not properly clean the car .
some 2 customers are there that person teaching to them how to clean the car .
they must be improved the cleaning of car .
proper cleaning should be done .
last time they not clean dust .
rectify cleaning should be done .
cleaning should be good .
when they clean the car that time service center persons are sometimes clean the car with dirty cloth .
car must be clean properly
when the car servicing time they should clean the car properly .
they should be clean car engine also
cleanliness should be proper which stain has to the water it should be clean
they should clean car inside outside properly .
we have to tell them to clean car here there .
car minor should be clean it properly .
they should be neat and clean our servicing car .
they take 800 to 1000rs but they should clean the car from outside also .
cleaning should be done properly .
servicing car should be clean properly , our cars which sides dust or dirt stickked , then it should be cleaning properly
in interior part they not clean properly must be clean properly from outdoor also .
since my east two service they are not clean my car properly .
they should focus on delivery time clean of vehicle .
if they don t wash engine then they should clean car properly but they are not cleaning car properly .
they should clean car properly after cleaning they should deliver car on committed time .
they should be clean properly and inside the car also .
where we seat there also should be clean properly .
they should clean the car properly .
they should clean the car from downside also senior should check the car whether it is clean properly or not then only give it to customers
they have to do clean wash on door , glass under seats they have to clean a z water wash .
before my last servicing i was made complaint about my car 's interior exterior cleanness .
so , they should be properly clean the greens properly clean the battery during cleanliness they should take special or more care of car .
their cleaning is not good , some time they doing good and some times not .
they should be clean properly after servicing the car they do n't careless while cleaning the vehicle after servicing .
there was dust accumulate on car at the time of taking car they are not clean the car .
they should at least use one cloth clean the car .
they are not clean wash car properly .
we ca n't see anything so they should use some material so it should clean .
they should be properly cleaning of our car service charges should be taken before also it should be less .
car should be clean properly they tells us it is not required .
if they work faster then they do n't clean the vehicle from inside .
they should clean inside interior properly .
customers not answer how to improve , vehicle condition and cleaning
they not clean dust board , carpet a tire was not clean .
so they should clean properly .
car should be clean properly .
at last time he told them to clean it .
they should not clean the car front of customer they should be done before it .
they should clean interior part of car
they should be clean properly .
cleaning is not proper .
during my free service that time , they were not properly clean my vehicle .
they should be clean properly the car it customer weather under free service or not .
they should give attention to cleaning of car .
they should clean car from inside outside .
after servicing should be clean our cars .
after servicing the car we absorber they not clean the car properly like car mirror , door handle , desk board they not clean it properly .
after servicing workers should dry clean the car properly .
i would like my leather seats to be much more clean because they had marks when i received it even after the servicing they must clean it .
they should keep cleanness .
they should use one cloth clean it .
they not washing the car properly they should take more time wash the car properly they wash car very fast finished there wore they should clean properly .
they are not giving proper attention at the time of outside inside not clean properly .
they should clean car properly .
they are not properly cleaning our car i had told to them my car dry clean car roof cleaned properly but they are not doing it properly .
if we deliver the car in dealership same condition we are rehire back we have to went again for service persons to inform that they must be clean car properly .
service should be good , our servicing car should be returned to committed time they are not taken up to month , also cars interial should be properly cleaning .
they do n't clean the car properly .
they should clean the car completely .
so it again dirty they are not cleaning properly they are not clean the glass properly they used the same cloth for all the car glass .
they are not doing the oil clean all the glass .
they should clean car properly .
there is a work load then also they should clean car properly .
tire bottom and down platform was not clean properly .
water servicing should be clean it should be better .
after clean the car must delivered to customers and advisor must check the mat inside or outside there clean properly or not after that it should be delivered .
they should clean car properly
car should clean properly they should vacuum the car from inside .
every thing is ok but there is problem in cleaning .
they are not clean car from downside like rainy time tayers and downside there is full of dust so they should wash properly .
they did not open the bonnet also and not clean it .
there not clean car internally they should clean car properly like washing with water from downside is necessary
inside outside car should be clean properly .
we have to tell them again again that clean it properly .
they should clean car properly .
they should use wet cloth clean the car
after servicing they were not properly clean the interior part of vehicle not properly wash the vehicle .
they should clean car properly from downside because i am diesel machine that s it this only should improve .
they not clean the car properly they had given my car very dirty they should have given my car clean .
they should give attention to windows and door sometime its look so should clean properly
in car have small small things it should be clean car should be clean properly .
they not clean my car properly .
if they are taking money than they should clean it properly .
should be improvement by cleaning , after cleaning the interior then the executive again checking our car they are cleaned properly or not .
they should clean car properly , we have to tell them that her there is dust please clean it .
while cleanness of car they are damage my car completely in black color stain are occurred in my car so when go there second time they should be solve it this problem and take care about it same things not repeat again not only for me but also another customer to .
from downside they not clean properly .
then they should clean it properly .
in last time service the cleaning was not good .
better if will clean more .
it is dusty even after cleaning .
car should be clean properly .
in grand toyota servicing should be in time and also clean in inside properly .
they should clean the car properly .
water service was not good must also change the techniques of cleaning .
so use new technique for cleaning .
one time they not clean my car properly .
if they are pay for your service they must be proper clean the car wash the properly of all the parts of car .
1 \) they have to do the proper interior cleaning especially vacuum cleaning .
they should give attention to cleaning .
they should clean car from inside .
when they deliver the car to the customer that time they clean the car properly .
they should be already clean the car before delivery .
they cleaned car when customers told them or indicated them but the point is that why customer have to indicate service personnel , they have to check their own and clean car at service point .
they should clean wash car properly .
after servicing they not littlie bit take care about cleaning .
cleaning was not done properly .
after give the car to the customer they should be check the car from outside and inside , they clean the car properly or not interior cleaning are not doing properly .
they only clean in outside .
after washing , they have to clean the vehicle properly .
they should be properly clean the car also improved it .
from inside outside car is clean .
when we buy car how it look same should be there they should look after the cleaning process they should clean only by water and cloth we pay 500 rs for that if they give such servicing then it 's better we do it in home .
who cleaning the car , they are not clean properly .
they should be clean properly and also cover the sheet while cleaning .
at the time of last servicing they had not clean inside parts .
i call to dealership they told me 2nd time we will clean it .
they clean car only at outside not inside the car , they not did inter work , in some places like door air condition they not clean properly .
they should be clean properly .
which they not clean it .
always i want to shouting them then they clean it .
they should improve in car condition and cleanness , to my according which their prescribe and other then which have there level of work in cleanness .
their workers are not properly clean and wash our cars .
they should be do properly with machine also dust should be clean .
they should clean car properly .
they need to clean glass of car properly .
after washing while sating remains there they should be clean .
there was dust in car so they should clean the car properly
car should be clean easily also not doing washing properly .
from inside downside not clean properly .
after servicing our car they should be properly clean .
i told to the manager , supervisor that do the cleaning fast put the water send the car .
but we give the car there because for good cleanliness but they clean the car only outside .
from inside outside put the water properly should clean the car .
they should clean car properly .
they should clean car from internal area also like desk board etc .
at one time only they should clean the car complete .
after servicing the car they should be properly wash clean the car in inside outside of the car .
now they were clean it but they should be clean better .
they should clean the car properly from inside outside but they are not cleaning the car properly then i have to clean my car again when i reach home .
they should clean car properly .
they should car before customer visit over there were there is parts of ac it has dust article so they should clean it .
they should improve in cleaning .
while delivering the car they should be clean properly .
while cleaning the car , after washing they not clean the stain , its remains like that only also not clean it .
they should clean car properly .
they should see the car that it is clean properly or not before giving it to customer .
they should clean the glass after wash with water .
they should clean car properly .
while water servicing they must clean the interior and outer parts of the body properly
they should clean the car properly .
they should pay attention at the cleaning of car .
cleaning should be doing properly it 's compulsory .
which cleaning done like local service center compare to them they doing wrist cleaning .
they should clean the car properly .
they clean the car properly in side .
after servicing , the executive should be test the car and returned to the customer , if it not cleaning properly , the executive should be told the workers and again should be clean it
they not clean car dicky properly at the time of servicing .
in last service nothing was good they have not clean the car properly , i had taken the picture of the car from inside and send it to the manager .
the place where they clean the car the supervisor should be available so that he can check the car before delivery the car .
servicing should be at committed time , all services they should be doing neat and clean also it ok .
while they are washing our car then they should be used clean water avoid used it dirty water .
car should be clean properly .
after washing they should clean while using cloth they use chemicals after that spot was occur in the glass .
while servicing time mark and stain , sticker should be not remaining they should be doing clean properly .
they should be clean all the interior parts of car and dashboard , window glass .
they are not doing work carefully servicing car not properly neat and cleaning .
they are not properly clean our car , after servicing our car dark spot reaming our car .
how i want but they didn t clean our car
after servicing they have to cleaning and condition of the vehicle so he properly
they not clean the car properly .
they don t have the machine to clean the car form downside .
they have to improve water washing and interior cleaning .
they have to clean properly interior parts of vehicle they have to do water washing properly
if we complaint car is not clean properly then they are not listening .
should be properly cleaning and washing our car .
quality of cleaning and washing should be improvement .
water service they should clean proper the many in the car .
on first service they not done the clean service so again i called them dropped my car for re service , it was not good .
so they should have a good experience staff for clean service .
my last servicing time they not properly wash and clean my car .
car should be clean properly also polish should be done properly .
while cleanliness they should clean properly an inside the car .
they should deliver the car neat clean .
they should clean properly body of car , after servicing they should check one more time the car to take right check drive because we note such thing in rainy season .
it was full of dust not clean it have full of white colour power .
car interior was not clean .
they didn t done proper cleaning .
lower part diki and inside portion should be clean .
need to clean the vehicle properly
they are washing the vehicle at the time of delivering the vehicle , instead of that they have to clean the vehicle before delivering .
sometimes when i went for cleaning my car i have to show them where to clean .
while cleaning the car from inside if they clean with vacuumed cleaner properly it should be good for us .
they have to clean the inner parts of the vehicle properly .
at the time of last servicing they not clean my car properly .
they should improve cleaning .
dealership people do n't do the cleaning properly .
the car needs to be more clean .
interior part should be clean and the lower part also should be clean means it would be good if the job is done properly .
they should clean the car properly then give back .
clean needs to be done properly .
only they clean with water but they do not clean with cloth when they do polishing charges should be low .
they did not clean the car properly and the outer part also they did not clean properly .
so they have clean all over the car properly .
they should clean properly an inside a car .
once or twice i said them to clean after that they clean .
in front of the customer if they clean it will not satisfy the customer needs and there should be change in staff .
they not clean car properly .
even for 100rs also the man will clean the car properly but after paying this much amount also they are not cleaning properly .
i want they clean properly inside the car .
when they return our vehicle to us that time they should check weather vehicle is properly clean or not .
if vehicle is not properly clean they should be clean it very well .
before returning they should clean the car properly .
they do not clean the glass of windows properly .
interior should be clean properly as compare to exterior
1800 for cleaning .
for inter cleaning i told them personally that you have not done inter cleaning of my vehicle properly .
before that also i had complaint for inter cleaning of car .
for inters cleaning i gave my car again for cleaning and now this time also they did the same .
they should appoint an assistant for this who will 100 check the cleaning of vehicle .
lanson dealership have to improve their water wash service main interior and other parts needs to be clean properly .
after servicing they should clean the car properly
they should clean the car from inside .
interior should be neat and clean
hence cleaning should be improvement .
they don t fully clean our car .
after servicing they should concentrate about customers complaint on car logo had lots of dust , they should clean it .
toyota logo should be away clean
which feedback call we get and told them which which place cleaning was required they cleaning those place they should checked when customers given a complaints .
they have to clean the vehicle properly after servicing .
after servicing , the car needs to be checked on cleaning .
mostly the cleaning is not done properly .
but now they do with the help of spray , so instead of using spray should be clean with water only .
i dont like they cleaning our car , so the cleaning needs to be improved .
for cleaning they are doing well inside however the outer side was little dirty
there should be improvement in cleaning of car .
in servicing the clean what they do may be compared to home wash also .
cleaning should be improving .
improvements are needed in cleaning of car .
infinium toyota does cleaning of full car from outside but from inside they don t clean vehicle .
they don t clean vehicle on places where truly cleaning is required in car .
from when i have purchased new innova they make excuses to clean .
i have only problem in cleaning of vehicle .
most of the time clean use to be said from our side .
outside cleaning , interior cleaning used to be said by us .
cleaning should be improvement and interior and under parts should be cleaning properly .
they used only water for cleaning , hence it should be improvement
they should clean the vehicle properly and should concentrate on the cleaning of engine
they should clean the vehicle properly .
after servicing if the car is more clean then it would be better .
they used only two bottles of water for cleaning , so dirt remain at gaps of the car .
not properly cleaning my car and while they are cleaning my car then they are cutted my cars one sides boarder , hence cleaning should be improvement .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
cleaning , polish tier dashboard cleaned or not should be checked properly for 10 vehicles also .
there should be improve to clean the car facility .
they not did a cleaning properly .
they should clean the car completely from downside for this they should use cloths and soap .
so we can feel my car was clean completely .
they should clean the car problem , so we not get any problem after a servicing .
while them doing a servicing that time they forget to clean on some place .
they clean the car properly in inside only but outside the car they not so the same properly .
they should do the cleaning of the vehicle slowly so that cleaning performed well .
cleaning is very poor .
so , they should done a cleaning properly .
supervisor should take responsible for cleanliness service because sometimes they are not clean the vehicle properly .
out of 10 they are not clean the car 2 then we have to say for complete remaining 2 cleanliness .
they should improve in cleanliness service because they are not washing the car properly so they should clean the car properly .
while comparing to oil engine servicing the water wash services is not good and clean .
proper cleaning required after every servicing
they donot clean the vehicle in the way how dsk keeps clean .
seats need to be clean properly with the help of vaccum cleaner
so they should come and clean wash at that type .
the age of the wiper glass , the rubber and which the wiper handle of the arm of the wiper look at the cleanliness , your car car machine , you have the details inside the car , this attracts the dust and small snacks of chivada stuck on that that cannot be removed by simple cleaning they need a vacuum cleaner for inside of the vehicle .
sunny toyota should look into the cleaning of the car after the servicing .
they aren t taking proper time for car cleaning and are doing it within 5 7 minutes only due to which the dirt under the car isn t cleaned .
there are only 3 staff members for cleaning .
during the car servicing they do not clean the car interior desk board properly .
due to unclean desk board the car doesn t look clean too .
they should clean the mat of the car with shampoo .
car cleaning was not at all proper after washing the car .
should give car to the customer with proper cleaning .
they have to do the cleaning of the vehicle fastly
when car they return after washing they don t clean car from inside .
people at toyota who are in charge for washing they don t check vehicle that car is clean of not after washing .
external part of the car body cleaning was very good and no issues but the issues we face from internal part of the car i .
they should improve in condition of car cleanliness of service because they are not completely washing the car when open the door that time we see that they are not clean the car after washing they are not check the car .
they should more improve in washing service staffs are not clean the car properly .
cleaning parts need to improved more .
but cleaning is not done properly so customer is unhappy .
i am not satisfied in cleaning of the car .
they do the work only just for formality but they do not clean the car properly .
they are not doing the proper interior cleaning
they should notice the cleaning process .
water washing they are do good but inside of car they are not cleaning properly small small parts also they are not clean .
they should clean the vehicle properly from inside and should use cloth twice .
cleaning should done in time also they should do monitoring properly .
they did not done proper cleaning at the down part of my vehicle
at salem all the service is good as they have enough staffs and their interior cleaning and water wash , by seeing the car after service we feel that the car is totally new .
after servicing they should clean the car properly .
maheshtala road is very much rough and dusty that s why when we are returning back after servicing the car was covered with dust but that they don t clean again .
washing should be improved and they should clean the car properly .
there are stain of washing powder and water droplets on car and they should clean it properly .
they do not clean the car carpet .
they only clean the car when prior payment is done .
they do not clean the car at all if we do not pay before servicing or pay late .
they do not even clean the dust settled on the car .
they should clean the vehicle properly after servicing .
they should clean the vehicle before give it to customer .
they have to clean the vehicle in front of of customer 's with in one hour
toyota brand is taking 1000 rupees but they should at least clean it as that level .
the car was not clean .
they did not clean the car from inside .
they should clean the car in good manner .
they should pay more attention towards cleaning of vehicles .
there were spots on the glass of my car which they did n't clean .
anant toyota should improve their cleaning .
nothing else they should only look into cleaning .
staff should clean the vehicle properly so it will be good
they don t clean our vehicle completely .
they should improve the quality of cleaning
cleaning should be done properly and there should not be any stains .
the car should be spotless clean when it comes out of the service center after servicing .
they should clean the vehicle properly and from inside also .
they should clean car with their vacuum .
advisor should advise their labor workers that when customer come with car they should clean their car inside and outside by using vacuum cleaner .
car not clean proper as per our wellness .
they should check the cleaning of the vehicle before give it to customer .
hence need to clean well on interior parts as well .
2 \) the vacuum cleaning and the glass should be cleaned properly .
they clean the vehicle but however i am looking in the vehicle they don t do in that manner .
they should clean interior properly .
interior cleaning is less .
in cleanliness washing cleaning was not proper .
they just clean it little bit here and there .
they are charging money for it but still they do n't clean the car properly and leave dirty car at my house .
car should clean before handing it to its customers i .
they should improve on cleaning of car .
last time due to water problem they did not clean my car properly .
they should store sufficient water for cleaning and they should clean vehicle properly .
there are less cleaning equipment and facilities in the service center due to which the car cleaning is n't done properly .
they have to clean the interior parts
the staff of grand toyota are n't proper and they never clean the car .
the rearview mirror has stains on it and we always have to tell them to clean it .
they should be trained properly regarding the cleaning of the cars .
they should more focus on internal cleaning of car .
if they found any problem in cleaning , they should give car for cleaning again .
another service is good we are satisfied but only we faced problem in cleaning service .
after servicing my car , cleaning should be improve .
they should clean car properly .
they should clean the vehicle properly
in galas there is dot dot even after water cans with the clean water they should wash the window glass of the car .
they have to do the proper water washing and cleaning of the vehicle
they should give proper attention on cleaning of car .
1 \) before delivering the vehicle once again they have to clean the vehicle .
vehicle should be clean properly
they have to do the proper water washing and cleaning of the vehicle
if we are told them our car is not cleaned properly but they told us we clean like that only .
when i give the car at service center that time my car was cleaned but when i taken from there that time it is dirty , i am clean my car properly they make dirty .
my car engine also not clean when i told to them to clean it but they not did the same .
interior cleaning should be do properly then i will go for it next time , they not properly check when i leave the car at service center they don t know what they do .
dust is remains same , after clean the water still dust not clean .
they must do the cleaning properly , it should be doing properly .
cleaning of the car was not proper .
the cleaning is compared as per what the driver do .
i had done dry cleaning for my car it means that interior parts and outside parts need to be cleaned thoroughly .
if the customer paying for dry clean then he should get that clean .
the service center should know how to clean this .
they not clean a car to an inside and also they not clean dashboard in car they not used cream to clean seat cover .
where is soil have in car which was remained like that it was not clean it in car had stain which was also clean it much batter then we clean our car an outside they clean much batter compare to service center people .
they should clean car properly .
they should clean car properly .
sometime they not clean car at all of we keep in service center they gave as it is .
workers should clean a car properly .
they should clean a car properly .
which small small thing have in car those should be clean properly .
i done my innova car servicing in uttam toyota , there staff are very good and also they do proper work grand toyota dealership people should talk to a customer to proper way and also they should clean a car properly .
there is a problem in cleaning but it will be convenient if location comes in bhuj .
who doing a cleaning .
those was not done a cleaning properly .
which dust had an inside which should be clean properly .
the washing should be clean and it should not be said by us again and again .
while we are giving our car for service at that time it is clean but returning back there was a oil stain in the set if we ask they say some different answer they charge spate for interior cleaning .
cleaning was not done properly the interior part of car was not cleaned .
after servicing my car they do not properly clean and wash my car
the cleaning is not proper in service centre .
they do not apply paper in mat while cleaning .
proper cleaning require during servicing
they should clean the car properly .
they have to do the proper water washing and cleaning of the vehicle
after delivery when i check the car cleaning not done completely .
actually there is a water problem so they not clean it properly .
car condition and clearance car interior part was not cleaned properly they should clean neatly then it will be fine .
the just clean for the sake of cleaning .
they don t clean the entire car deeply they just format from the outer side of the car .
in service center there is good equipment for cleaning the car like vacuum cleaner then also they won t clean it thoroughly .
the streak are pushed very has at the time of cleaning .
the workshop manager who looks after cleaning of car so they should look after it properly .
i had given my car for cleaning there was some dust .
car condition and cleaning needs to be taken care by the service center .
the car cleaning needs to be cleaned properly .
they should clean a car properly .
they just clean with the hand cleaning needs to be done properly .
the service center of mahindra washing system is proper they clean from front and back clean is good in mahindra service center .
the rudra toyota spray gun is from both the side they clean and mahindra washing system is proper .
in car interior should be have more dry cleaning .
the technician himself needs to clean the car throughtly .
the technician should check the car for cleaning and then only return it to customer .
so the leaving should so i request them to clean my clean properly .
they should clean a car properly .
when they use for cleaning with this water the car is scratched .
they should clean the car with clear cloth
it was my free service but till the time they finish the service they have not clean the car and returned to me .
the staff should improve on cleaning .
they should give same care on cleaning by dealership .
they should clean car properly .
they do not properly cleaning the servicing car , they clean the car only outside but inside were not cleaning , 2 to 3 times i was taken away my car for cleaning only , but they are not properly clean the car .
the should clean the car throughly and neatly .
it took 2 hours to come out the cleaning is not proper in washing .
it take 2 to 3 hours for cleaning the car but it should clean throughly .
water service cleaning should be done properly .
if the customer says the cleaning is not good then that needs to be taken car by the service advisor .
there should be improving in cleaning .
according to me i think they clean with the machine instead of man .
if the man clean then it will be good .
after servicing car condition and cleanings the don t do proper wash we used to say them about the cleaning .
the cleaning is done very slowly .
they not wash are properly but clean it .
the dot remains the same on the glass while cleaning , then i took my car to private for cleaning .
after servicing they do not clean the car , the cleaning is not proper from outside , but inside clean .
they should clean car properly .
they should improve their service in cleaning .
car should be clean properly .
there should be good mechanic who clean the car properly .
they should do proper clean the car .
during my last car serving i was drop my vehicle in service centre at 8 30 am for servicing and i was pick my vehicle after servicing at 7 00 pm during this long time period they did not wash properly my then i called service staff told and showed him how they wash my vehicle then the clean it during servicing the vehicle they need to struck supervision by their technician or saviors .
they should clean car properly .
dealership should clean a car properly because they not clean a car properly .
which they done a cleaning in car , which should be improve always we have to tell them which was clean or not .
then done a cleaning but after told them .
when car came an outside after servicing then we checked a car than we told them it was not clean .
they should clean a car before we told them advisor should take care about customers have no complaints they should not doing one mistakes again and again then they said sorry that s why they should consent rate in cleaning .
at the time of service they are not clean the car .
they should clean a car seats properly .
they clean only from outside .
they should clean and wash the car properly they should systematically clean the car .
at the time of water servicing they should clean car down parts properly .
they just clean the outer position interior part remain the same .
proper cleaning needs to be done to car .
they should properly clean the car .
they do n't clean the car properly after the servicing completed .
if the customer is reaching to the gate they should clean the outer position once again .
they should clean car properly before giving it to customer .
last time i paid rs 2000 for an internal interior clean .
for this i am very dissatisfied much batter then i clean my car at my home .
when they wash the car glass should be clean properly there are water marks on the glass .
which i taken one hour servicing which was not proper they should concentrate on interior cleaning .
one time when i visited for car servicing they not clean my car properly inter cleaning should be done properly .
they did not do what they promised even second time when we called they said , they will clean the car give but they did not do .
after servicing the car needs to be cleaned properly because they won t clean from all sides .
so they need to clean all the side and the cleaning needs to be done neat and clean .
they should clean car properly .
they should clean car properly .
the cleaning is not done properly we used to say many time for the cleaning and then only they do it otherwise they leave as it is when we say to staff about the cleaning they say cleaning is done properly dust is not removed properly he had impression are left as it .
if we say them they medially say there is a problem in maslin they staff are very less in the cents , the use dirty cloth for cleaning .
the chemical should be us dirty cloth for cleaning while returning from the service center the cleaning needs to be done properly .
they should clean car properly they should appoint quality staff whom have proper knowledge they should give proper attention to car servicing .
when we visit jabalpur we don t have to till the staff to clean the car properly .
when i visit to take the car i call them clean the car so i am dissatisfied .
they not clean car properly when i complaint about it then they clean it .
front , back site dick not clean properly .
if they take 5 10 mins more then also it ok but they should clean car properly .
