when we touched the car we realize its dust and not dumber .
after the servicing you should remove dust which remains on vehicle .
their was end number of dust in my car .
inside also i could find the dust also .
so even after cleaning the engine dust is collected .
the dust which remain from our side while cleaning same remain from your side also this is not expect from your side .
but this time they gave me key on counter and car was stand on gate hence i came to know while driving back to my way as there was dust in my car .
we have to tell them here is uncleaned or there is dust .
it will be more convenient because car which runs in city it won t be so dusty but in village there is so much dust and watery roads so we face this problem a lot .
they didn t had vacuum cleaner , so the dust inside the car was uncleaned .
they are not cleaning seat belt not doing interior servicing properly all dust remain as it is .
inside dust is like that only .
some parts like washing , painting or portion their is some dust on that .
they are only washing the car but not cleaning dust on it .
eg some dots on the glass , some dust particle inside the vehicle , washing is not upto the mark as it is not fully washed .
there was dust at the down parts of the car after servicing there was one scratch on car door .
for servicing the car there should be no dust on it .
we found lot of dust on car after servicing .
cars interior stucking too much dirt .
they kept my car in go down after servicing go down when i in there for bring my car that time in my car have dust and i thing then not the servicing also they should give the car to the customer properly
at servicing time dust and dirt not cleaning properly , we are not comfortable at their servicing .
one year happening for servicing but in car dust was remain in inside .
but they do n't do it from inside the dust remains like that only .
they should be cleaning properly they put greece then its stickked dust .
when i give my car for servicing after the servicing i watch some dust particles under the seat .
inside the car dirt s are remaining as it is before servicing our car .
after washing should be had no dust in car cleanliness should be completely .
there was some black color dirt on my seat cover even after cleaning or servicing time .
the dirt should not remain even after washing .
dust and dirt remains as it is .
dirt s and dirt remaining as it is .
that time in it had dust and like that they given car .
inside the car dirt remaining .
the dust remains the same after washing the car , so it needs to be cleaned properly .
after servicing our car then they are not washed properly we are given other charges for washing , if they are not properly washed our car then dust remains it and comes it insects .
after cleaning our car dirt remained our car also stains remain on the door glass .
if we look the engine dust remains the same .
3000 for interim cleanliness but there was lot of dust and mud .
one more thing i told them to do my work for wiper , they charged me 250 rs for small in wiper , that come of the next day because see i realize that when the dust is in the glass of the vehicle of the wiper , but it was earlier they charged me 250 rs because they charged for the part of the thing .
not cleaning from inside as dust , soil and all .
many dust is there .
very small place like back side of the car , near by seat dust is available .
there remains dust inside and outside also because my car was full of dust so i have complaint twice for this matter .
atlast they leave the cleanliness part simply , even they could not complete those work or else the available person will remove the dust simply over the car leave us .
thus i faced a lot of problems and also the dust got exceeded and the problem as well .
while they are washing car then , we are showed dust , after they are washed it properly .
they know what material should be used for cleaning the dust .
like if there is a dust in desk board then it should be cleaned .
my car was fully covered with dust .
dark alone came so that full dust was inside my car .
the dust should be removed .
all the time the dust remains the same .
at small place also the dust remain the same so it needs to be cleaned properly .
the dust remained the same in the car .
if the dust is at outer side then it is well but the dust remain the same in interior parts also .
but the mat inside it are not cleaned properly all the dust remain the same .
the dust remains the same .
