space should be more they have to provide sitting facility .
there is waiting area common for both .
increase the space of service center .
ve 2 waiting areas , one common the other is for owners .
they never informed me about the waiting area of the owners .
d to sit in the common waiting area .
t need much time wait in the waiting area
the front side of waiting area is covered with glass and hence it becomes hot and the waiting area is so suffocative and so congested and there is an area which is surrounded by trees , it is beautiful , but there is no place for sit .
the most improvement is requires in the waiting area .
the waiting area of the service center is too small .
because it is located at an isolated place so nothing is available there .
the waiting area is very small space .
the waiting area should be more creative , i .
waiting area space is less and it \?
waiting area should be more spacious .
they have to improve the space of the waiting area .
the waiting area should be improved .
garden space should be beautified .
ve entered in a gardening area .
for our car we can remove our boredom in the garden space .
in waiting area , they are take long time and it was time wasting for customer .
waiting area is very small not a space to seat there .
the waiting area is small here .
the place is very small .
waiting area servicing area should be improved .
little big place should be available .
waiting area should be more comfortable .
while purchasing the car the outside amenities are good but in waiting area place are not much proper they need more improvement .
if the space of waiting area will be expanded then it would be better .
because the space is too small .
and the room of waiting area is too small .
the waiting area is too small if 6 or 7 person sit over there then there is no place we get to sit .
there is no proper place to sit .
the drivers also sit on same place where we sit .
as compare to other showrooms nippon toyota have less space in waiting area .
they should make waiting area little better .
space should increase and lighting should be good .
waiting area is ok .
waiting area should be good
the space of waiting area should increase .
the waiting area should be improved .
they should have more place for sitting then it would look proper .
car not able to see from the waiting area where they are doing servicing .
if 10 customers come there is place available for sitting but if there are 15 customers or more it is difficult for them to adjust .
so the area for waiting should be improved .
waiting area is very small .
they have to use the waiting area properly .
waiting area is too congested .
how 's their area should arrange like that .
we can seat on one place we will see the car .
huge space is there .
seating place is not available here as well as drinking water facility not available .
waiting area is not that much good .
should increase the space and should increase the eminence .
there is no space there to sit .
so enough place should be there sit if we go there .
waiting area should be little bigger .
if they will improve the waiting area than it would be good .
the place which is having in kannur there car should get in minimum one hour because it is difficult to seat there more than 1 hour .
more space should be there and one washouroom should be attached to the waiting room .
the space is to cramp .
they should improve the waiting area .
sitting area is very small and all facilities are not available .
we need more confront the witting area .
waiting area which is below so servicing is not visible .
in waiting area if they have more customer then sitting arrangement is not sufficient for all of them .
t explain me about the work resolving procedure i did not like the dealership waiting area also i did not get the felicitation from there i was sited in car servicing place whenever i go to dealership then i don \?
waiting has less space thus it should be spacious .
waiting area should be proper .
waiting area should be improved because space is very small so customer not wait for much time in this dealership .
waiting area should be more comfortable for customers .
there is small place for waiting area .
space should be little bit more .
when customers were coming sitting there space should be more .
it will be better if waiting area is increased .
its enough if waiting area is increased
painting area is very be small , large at painting area places were not comfortable while rush
the waiting area is too small .
the waiting area should be improved by expanding the space , other all facilities are ok
waiting area should be improved .
if service center will be more then everyone will not gather in one place .
waiting area should be open place .
in a waiting area has mosquito , feeling hot .
there have safe not good too place is also less there have no tv .
waiting area should be improved .
in waiting area people should be changed because they are not good .
waiting area is very small so it should be big improve
in waiting area there should be canteen facility .
there should be an improvement on waiting areas .
they do n't have sufficient place , i mean , small lounge .
they should have a lounge because if somebody gets tired , can sit for 2 3 hours , proper place for all .
customers have to wait for long time at waiting area so they need very airy and wide area .
space should be increased .
space should be increase on waiting area .
waitting area should be more broad as it is very short place
they should increase space of waiting area .
waitting area should improve , servicing should be fast .
they should give quick service to customer in waiting area .
the waiting area should be improved .
in washing area there should be maintained
waiting area must be increased .
waiting area should be improved more space
waiting area should be limited
we can see our car servicing from waiting area so there should be arrangement like so .
their have less waiting area
waiting area is not proper .
waiting area is very small .
that area must be increased then it is better for us .
waiting area was not good .
waiting area should be improve .
in waiting area their should be improvement .
waiting area should be improve .
they should increase sitting capacity of waiting are space is less over there .
hence the waiting area must be improved .
space is small of waiting area .
waiting area should be improved .
seating place bisleri is there .
which waiting area has in service center there are space are less it should increase .
i do n't liked waiting area .
waiting area is not good customer don \?
waiting area should be large and also it should be better
at service center 50 customer taken a way the vehicle , but at waiting area there is only limited place standing at 10 15 people , reaming people are standing \( waiting \) outside hence , waiting , area should be large , it should be better for customer .
waiting area should be improved .
waiting area should be improvement .
space is very less in waiting area they should increase the space .
there is no waiting area .
they told me wait but the place was un comparable because one techniques was working over their .
at waiting area space very small places .
waiting area of dealership , it should be improve .
waiting area should be big .
so we are not getting place to sit in waiting room we have wait outside the service center
customer comes nearby the waiting area and calling also .
in washing area they should do work properly there .
at first they need to improve the waiting area .
if area is big so we feel good .
waiting area is very small .
waiting area is small only 4 or 5 people can sit there .
waiting area should be big .
because customer are tired to stand one place for servicing takes huge time , so they should provide seating facility before it \?
i did not found open area to sit wait .
waiting area is very big .
waiting area is too small even five customer ca n't sit it is very congested .
if this changes happens it is too good and there needs to be big space where some more persons able to sit comfortably .
at waiting place should be large .
they should make some arrangements like when we seat in waiting zone from that place we can easily see how they servicing the car .
waiting area should be more better waiting area was very congested and very small space , something 150 or 200 square fit now it should be in vertically it gives more spaces .
waiting area was very short and the space was also very small .
waiting area should be improved .
they should give some better facilities in waiting area .
there is no space in waiting area .
separating waiting area should be provided to customer .
first of all , they should improve in waiting area .
they have to improve the waiting area
improvement is needed in waiting area .
space needs to be proper .
they must improve in the space .
waiting area should be comfort and they should provide more space .
00 hours for servicing for that we need more space if they provide these facilities then it would be better .
there should be more space in the sitting area .
when we visited there with the vehicle and with our family most of area was occupied by the customers so they should provide more space for sitting .
waiting area should be improve .
the waiting space needs to be more sofa waiting launched air conditioner needs to be proper .
service center should be more haijenik , because of there too much mosquitoes , less place also they same treated for taxi driver and owner of the car and they look after us for taxi driver , so it should improvement .
if the space should be larger then it would be better .
they waiting area should be cool
waiting area is not good , it \?
waiting area should be like from where the car servicing can be seen .
waiting area should be improved .
area should be more comfortable and available , and then it would be better .
they should increase the space of waiting area .
waiting room must be available for customers , the available waiting area is not having better facilities .
they should improve the waiting area because the customers have to wait a long time there for servicing .
waiting area facilities are less need to improve the same .
waiting area should be more specious because their waiting area has less space .
improvement should be done in waiting area , it means that is a complete open area .
there is no personal area like particular room should be there .
your service area waiting area both are together .
the waiting area is not so special .
driver left the car for servicing and the dealership given place to wait and there are only 4 cots that need to be increased so that it will be helpful to them .
seating arrangement should be proper in waiting area .
should require space in waiting area .
the waiting area should be a place from where i can see the car servicing .
they are delight because it the showroom comes on highway and dhanbad is in which place its in town there is no showroom available .
waiting area should be develop .
they had tried to work on pending area .
that 's why we always seat in front office of dealership compare to other dealership there have less space , so it 's should be increase .
they should improve in waiting area .
the member work over there and at the same place the customer use to sit .
should be improve in waiting area space should be increase and also they should attempt a customer first .
they should have more space and ac should be working .
the waiting are in open space waiting area and service area are at same place .
they should improve waiting area .
waiting area have not so much space for huge customers it was croudy there have no seating arrange so they should concrete on it .
wifi facility should be available in waiting area center facility also be available .
waiting area should be big they should make toyota waiting area comfortable good so we will like we are seated at in toyota .
t come across waiting area .
the waiting area is open where the customer used to wait .
t have space there should be one sofa for customer to rest .
