if the engineer is telling something he should also listen to the customer what he is saying .
boy was instructed to give in writing but still that boy gave excuses that computer is close etc .
this will take 1 hour , whenever we visit there they say that computer is not working .
t know about our car service status exactly .
increase the dealership branches in velachery to tambaram area .
it should be decrease .
everything should be done in one hour .
whenever i visit to the service center i see the long queue .
if the assistant of service center would take the car inside do paper work as early as possible then waiting would be reduce .
last time we received our car in the evening at the 5 pm which you can check in your records also and the car was given at 9 am .
they provide my vehicle after 2 hours which is late for me because i want go out side .
if we go in the morning to the service center then we get my vehicle in afternoon .
also they not complete third when which they told customer .
they do not have main power so it should increase .
if it would be reduces then it would be better .
so they should reduce it if any short window available apart from service area then it would be more better to work for small servicing like as i had change my like wiper that small type of service can get from those small window .
so customer can check and pay immediate .
there is no permission to enter workshop , that \?
what all and whatever is needed in the car do it quickly and dispatch the care within 2 to 2 and half hours .
s name .
many models are gone but they didn \?
china company \?
s owner sitting in banaras city and responsible person in not available here because of this lack of supervision is here .
customers do the booking 3 days in advance so that we get appointment .
they cannot give the reason for not completing the service that today we had 60 cars so the service for your car is not completed .
whatever is the problem they must tell us in advance .
they had given message of 1 hour but they took 2 to 3 hours of time .
during christmas they had a great offer which is unique from other companies .
the offer was that if we buy a car during christmas then they would give us free servicing also would treat us .
this is due to only one dealer point here .
we are scared to take car to this point for servicing because they are not able to do work urgently .
last time when i visit for the servicing time taken was very long .
if we brought the vehicle early in the morning for servicing then it should be done in time at least in afternoon till 2 pm .
location is ok but as i stay in karraikudi the service center is in trichy or madurai .
productivity of toyota is in japan the names are lift kirloskar motors of the service centers , they follow the services correctly .
but all the vehicles from pondicherry , dindivanam , kadloor , come to pondicherry for servicing .
if we call for appointment booking on monday , they ask us to call on wednesday to see if we can get an appointment when called on wednesday they tell us that the booking time is 9 .
i will need a service if my car has run for 10 , 000km but getting an appointment is a big deal .
if we had any other dealership nearby we would never go to lanson .
should provide the car within the time nothing else .
they should improve the quality of time they take .
they should not take more time than they had given on a written paper .
i asked a mam about this , if they had written a time then why they had taken more time than that .
your sms i received after 1 hour and after that later 1 hour i received the car it means they takes lot of time to take car inside .
after that 1 3 min spent in a c then 30 minute to bring car outside .
if you have called for feedback and customer have a query , then you must follow up them .
the day they booked the car , the next day i was driving the car to the dealer point for servicing when i called up them .
work must be done immediately as soon as car arrives .
suppose they said about any problem and for that will it take 3 .
00 pm to resolve that problem its fine they can take 3 .
should do service according serial wise and handover it .
there is a shortage of parts at your end .
you donor check the car before demanding parts from outside .
you get all parts in one go so that you can use it for another customers also .
sometime we go their we see that there are lots of car standing .
30hr or 3 hours then customer start facing problems so they should say at the initially that it will take 3 hours .
they should give a call after all the procedure of the servicing is done as if they ask us to come by 4 .
because other things i do n't know and its depend on work .
if they have given time of 4 o'clock and we have to wait for 15 20 minute late then its ok .
servicing quality and time taken was worst of last time .
the time they promise to provide us they do n't provide on that time even the quality is not good .
they will call us by 4pm and car provide by 5pm then is no fair .
when w bring the vehicle for servicing we need to wait of 1 to 2 hours .
if you are asking to someone in time and just to take out the car they takes 1 hour which is wrong .
if someone comes to take a car should give fast service even should do verification and give the vehicle .
if their is another car then they take them first also they says he is in middle we will take first him which is wrong .
they attend first to those vehicles who take more expense and more parts for the servicing .
there should not be any biasness on services of the vehicles .
they should take responsibility and do their work .
they should do the fast work
they having overloaded work if they have taken appointment if anyone have taken a appointment then they do late to attend the customers .
they should improve the customers or they should take less appointment or who have servicing department they should increase the space , if numbers of car get increase and area is enough then it would take time .
time factors should be improved at the dealership .
servicing time should be decrease and try to understand the customer emergency too
they should book appointment on basis of their capacity of completing service .
there is numbering system .
should check new cars first and older one later
nothing else .
on the site there was just lot of noise .
only thing is that when they handover or take over then it is their responsibility to look after the customer .
time taken for the welding work should be reduced .
total turnaround time for servicing the car should be improved i .
e .
dealer said will give the car in 10 days but they gave me after 1 month .
i called them thrice so they said come tomorrow .
they should give servicing to the cars which has completed 1 year as son as possible .
it means which cars are new the car has completed 1 or 2 years they should give servicing for these cars as soon as possible .
they should pay more attention on new cars .
will do if they gave car late to nagpur city people .
30 they close the counter they don \?
t accept cash this should be avoided time taken to give service that should be improved should take less time .
everyone is careless .
manager also has no care , he just wanted to sold the cars .
no other concerns .
they do not have customer care .
00 pm so they should tell us in advance that you will be late for service .
if they tell us in advance , we will not give them vehicle for service on that day .
we go to rajkot for service from moravi city .
you should tell the head of toyota then other team will understand how to work .
nothing .
i recommended one of my friend he had booked a car from the dealership .
this happened to me 2 3 times and i have already made a complaint about this .
labor and main technician are not available so it take long time .
they are taking 1 week time to change the bumper .
they even have limits to pick drop service .
t have any transportation service to go out .
30am so i reached the showroom at 9 .
s fine .
they take time to solve any complaints given by the customers .
they should be improved the assessment .
when asked about this they answer that parts , paints are not available will complete it when it is available in the company .
they should committee perfect timing
they said that lunch time has started and we cannot work now .
when we go to the service , in starting they takes too much time to give details .
they should look out earlier service records .
if any one is in hurry and requesting to give car in hurry then they should give car at least 30 min to 1 hr .
3 labor should be there and they should be expert .
we are farmers so we leave early from home .
but when we go there they 5 6 hours and there is nothing to eat also .
they should do the work by planning designation wise so that the work will be done properly also on time .
due to this the quality of the would be improved even less time would be consumed .
they should offer water or coffee in waiting area and update the customer when car servicing is complete .
there is lack space , because the dealership area is really crowded .
they should increase the space .
for example , if they need one hour to complete service tell us exactly one hour doesn \?
we all have other work and the time is money .
t provide car before 1pm .
if customer is went there so they asked to wait for 5 mints for 10 mints and said now you will get , after this you will get and they took 1 hour time .
the customer who visits first to the dealership shop should be served first .
they should not give first preference to the .
customers who is visiting after words .
others places are large .
you note down in this feedback .
there is 1 hour express service but the dealership would n't provide service in 1 hour .
they should take half day for we also get the time save .
espirit cuttack is not look properly at customer .
if modern technology will be available then duration of time taken will be less .
its not only my opinion it was shared my many customers also , those who visited here .
they are not told today not done , tomorrow we servicing it .
if it will be located in the middle of ballangir and sonpur , then it will be better .
we have to wait a lot for scervixe .
whenever i go to dealership i have to wait from morning to evening .
after servicing our car they phone call the customer .
for normal service here in topsel toyota takes 2 hr .
they do n't take many appointments in same time for car servicing , must be take appointments as per car servicing time then cars get proper and serial wise servicing and owners do not wait long time .
service should be litte vit fast , it will good for us .
in service center which the total time they take in that they should improve .
siliguri dealership should think towards the schedule time period must keep the servicing regularity in serial wise .
sound system is vibrating .
if there is any small parts needed for car then they always says we do not have the stock available now it will take one week .
if they have everything then it will be good it will save our time .
when i go with the appointment for servicing , its take 11 am to open the job card .
if they open this not only on 2 3 computer but also provides in more computer , then customer will not get late .
if it will be improved then not only me but also for others this will be convenient .
the quality of works must be improves more .
they took time to make a tune of my car two days .
at the time of doing booking they people tell us that , you have to do booking .
service center should be increased and the government is offering some bima , it is not harming the public .
this one hour waiting time , there should be showed any entertainment .
after that i had to go to bank there was traffic the tile was 4 pm the work was pending for full day no work was done .
when we are going in bank for loan purpose also there is not that much of line but for written the letter drop it in letter box .
t have the value of time .
t have any work or anything you are telling them to seat then it is ok .
it ok there is no value of money but we have the value of time .
if there will be some big work means they will take 15 days to 2 months for it .
the car is good , all things are good but by this silly reason you are putting your image down .
we are having 4 vehicle of toyota auto gear is there , new model is there , 2 innova is there , 2 koyuner is there .
i am go there for parts breaker .
there not even the crowdedness of so many cars .
they have to increase more cranes for fast servicing .
they are taking more time for servicing so , they have to do the fast servicing .
they have to reduce the processing time for servicing .
for servicing purpose they took very less time in car servicing they took 4 5 hours
and sharayu maintain should be reduce .
process should change as per quantity of servicing ,
they have to give speed of service
showroom must be maintain , so that it 's not take must time .
they should increase the labor , there is no labor .
they should behave some ward strictly .
the car kept roughness .
they should take lass time .
at servicing centre , if customer want urgently their car then they should be given them immediately , whos customer left their car , they give them afterwards .
their lunch time 2 to 3 o clock .
when we went for car servicing for that time they have to fill up the job cards for that we have save the time .
there was servicing center in jaipur but now it is closed .
if a had an appointment , then they have to put one ramp free so , that the servicing of my car can start when the ramp is not free means i had to wait for hours and when the ramp get free they will put my car on ramp .
on the day i am giving my car , on the same time they should put my car on ramp on tnat time the ramp should be free the management should be like this
they had taken more time for processing .
while we will taken the permission with client .
there was one accident happened of mine i was having claimed then too they kept my car 1 month .
i had given my complaint in feedback , not only this time every time i had given this complained .
customer coming to outside they should be given priority .
because of we are coming from raibareli to lucknow .
they are penalise to high profile people .
if they want to give penalty to high profile customer so they need to open the center sunday also .
i am in hurry then also they kept me on hold there was a register to write the name of the customer they were taking time in that also they were calling one by one customer was busy in his work then also they were calling him instead of that they should attain the customer who is free so that they should attain the customer who is free so that they can save time .
1 hour ok but they should take time more than that .
the service should be making litter faster .
for same servicing at bangalore service center they were take 60 min or maximum 2 hours not more than it .
one lift was not in working position .
if it is ok then car servicing had done more properly fast .
there should be anything for emergency .
there should be separate arrangement for minor work .
when i called they said driver is not available .
servicing for i pass is very late as many cars come there for servicing hence it becomes late for servicing there are lots of toyota car in pudukkottai but everyone is required to go to trichy so there must one dealership in pudukkottai or outer of pudukkottai .
at servicing time some times our car putting there in corner side , and some times in front side .
they are not understand value of time .
they told me to wait for aliment but they complete there lunch also in it .
when i go to do service of my car , they see if any problem are there , they extend the days for example 2to 3 days , that makes me to feel bad so i am requesting to improve the service .
they say something and doing something .
we are doing business , so we do not have that much problem however most of the time the owner comes with their family they have the problem .
they should take test drive after two hour .
when i did my last service that time break disk is not there , so i visit the service center that is harsh dealership but that part is not available there .
if i order the same then i have to wait for 2days .
while servicing , they should be taken immediately at inside , but they are taken after 30 minutes .
my cars had accrued problems , hence i put my car at showroom between six days but they are not solved its problems .
they are doing in wrong way .
i am one of the old customers at madhubana service centers on 18 years back .
when we call for servicing they told us to visit with car today or tomorrow they not call early .
at service center near by not available mobile recharge , when we go there we recharge our mobile .
technician should be sufficient and while servicing they should be completely focus in only servicing not there and there .
they should be improvement needed which total time they take for servicing without reason we have to sit there for half an hour .
we nobody give water also they should finish servicing fast .
in lanson dealership , koyambedu have to take auto after dropping and while coming for pickup too
they should do the work with accuracy .
at target one day for working also they target 50 cars servicing per day .
which time they told use instead of they take 1hr , 2hr 4 hrs more time .
so speed of the service
so they should improve the counter .
but any small parts requested then they say it is not available here have to purchase from outside .
there should be a conference call to the entire customer .
there speed is low it not match to our expectation .
that time they giving my car at 3 4 pm which they should be give the car before lunch .
they take huge time for servicing and cleanliness , they should give the car early to us .
the time period given for booking is before 4 days .
dealership space is too short so that they are unable to do along the all works , may be they were hire the parts from outside so they got late .
service station should be larger .
s why they have so much pressure .
toyota should increase their way of servicing then it will take minimum time for servicing
in light had problem and also generator was damaged .
before this they service my car at my home mobile service also available there but now they not provide .
2 3 times we should ask they come up with solution .
they have to take more time for servicing take care about the servicing .
the rule for car servicing in toyota is 60 minutes .
suggestion is that they should give the car as soon as possible .
the service center should give reminder call for the appointment date .
the work shop is not open on time .
i reach the workshop before half and hour but no one reach their .
dealership should have body should also it will be good .
they leave the first car and start with the second car .
which time the consume it should be reduced for one hour worked they take more time should be earlier .
if 10 to 15 mints we get late it will be ok
they need to complete the paper formality within the given time .
they just take 45minutes for paper formality .
rajendra toyota service center needs to improve on time while servicing the car .
if they show on screen the customer car is ready then also we used to wait for half an hours .
they should take less time give car early to customer this is my opinion .
they should increase mam power .
we have to wait for long time as they given reasons .
so they have to improve in this aspects .
once we dropped a car in dealership , they have to start immediately the card processing .
t be doing as our suggestion .
when we are kept car for insurance that time they are taken long time .
whenever i visit to the service centre i always have to wait .
t free at the moment and would do it when he has time .
what else can i say about the car , they should make improvement on their own wherever they feel it is necessary .
ex .
there is no proper planning and some days the employees don \?
we pay them for the work they do , but the tax they take is too high .
i told them i will reach to service centre by so and so time because i have given the vehicle for servicing and the they sent me message for that .
when they send a message to customer vehicle should be ready so they do not have to wait for hours .
they should increase the manpower and should manage the rush .
the work of a c which i have done , that you could do in one day only .
they should increase the mam power .
in this jmk toyota should do more improvement .
i do not have suggestion , they should look after it
only screening was balance to complete .
if you are ware that this much time would required for screening purpose so why did you call us early .
did you really think that the screening takes 6 8 hours .
hence , i was having a pre planned work which was affected .
they should understand that customer is important for business and business is important for customers .
actually if you want to increase your business , you should give good service to the customers .
i agree that toyota is a brand .
the dainpaint i .
e .
in fact i 've got my car 1 week late .
due to this , i 've had to spend a lot on travelling .
i stay at borivali and from borivali to mira road it costs rs .
i 've spent rs .
there should be a backup plan when there are problems related to computers so the customers do not have to wait for a long period of time .
they were making false excuses of insurance .
they have to provide separate counter for appointment
service process should be fast .
when i take appointment that time they told me they provide to me service of 60 minute express service , which is they not provide that time when i visit there .
when i have given key of car before 60 min then also they not provide car to me after 60 min .
after that they take additional 30 min to other formality \?
then which you said toyota give 60 min express service it \?
s why service it should be more speed .
if there 's rush in the service center then we can totally understand that the car servicing would take time .
but if there is no rush in the centre , the car servicing should be done fast and if there 's rush then it \?
s okay .
if the customer goes for small work for gate checking also it take minimum10 15 minutes but for me it took 4 hours i just sat over there for this small problem .
i had problem with the gate sound .
for gate setting i waited for 4 hours .
if the supervisor available over there and he checks the job card he can know what the problem is then it wont take too much time and waiting time will be less .
on my last service it took little bit of time for servicing my car .
my car had problem with sound .
and it was evening time there should be some solution as fast as otherwise they should call for technician .
they should help each other for customer satisfaction .
they take the car inside but actually the work start after 2 3hour .
they should give priority to customer \?
they should give in office hours like 5 06 but they give 9 30 which is wrong .
they taken so much time for parts insurance
but they complete the complaints of car .
when we hand over car to you then you take it for servicing you people know the timing of servicing then you should tell us that you will take 2 hours or 3 hours .
so when i asked them why it took this much time , they said on saturday it will be the late .
sometime ramp was empty for 15 20 minutes .
they are doing time pass , so they should take care of it that work should be go on .
if they did the service fast then as possible we can take the car as quick .
the person with you his in a great hurry and must not be lated any how .
time has more value so they should work fast .
for me everybody who owned a big car he don \?
2 \) 1 person should handle 1 vehicle instead of 10 members .
the top link toyota needs to improve on time the servicing time they take needs to done in less time .
they should give car early after servicing they are doing time pass rooming here and there not doing their job well .
toyota time taken is something which they have to take a call .
they take lots of time because of this we are harrase and also dealership should be kept foods .
they should do improvement in last servicing last time they done good serving .
they go for lunch even the car is waiting .
they not giving the car on time after servicing they told us to come tomorrow to take away the car .
when we call them they reply that your car is ready and you can take your car away but when we visit the service center the car was not ready the left the car as it is .
total time taken i would say if they comment it should be there i was facing a problem for my etuis hd model mirror link and that option , when i brought the verify they told me it will be immediately operate , but this thing was not happen with me i have toots of follow and phone calls image when i cop laired to manages i manager took towed higher authority , they called not solved my problem also i sated for the reveres camera that is also not done .
i ca n't give suggestion toyota management will see about the improvement part .
s your responsibility that you should stick to your words should be improved .
they should doing a work now much they have capacity in one day now much they done a work they should take those much work so they will not take so much time .
they should not say to wait the customer and say to paper is not ready or otherwise they take with other .
toyota service manager should give 3 4 cars under one supervisor so he will complete the servicing of the car and work load should be reduced .
service center morning should open early evening it should be open till night .
initially their sentence as it will take around 1 hour but finally it 's take around 3 hours .
in last servicing my car is in claim process .
