they should do good cleaning of vehicle .
they have to improve the washing centers .
when we receive vehicle after servicing , they don t clean vehicle properly .
there was dust in my car even after cleaning .
after the servicing they did not cleaned windshield clearly .
they should give the vehicle after cleaning it completely and properly .
need to improve washing process .
stain of the water remain on the vehicle after washing .
should clean it properly .
car wash services are not good .
they had washed my car but ant was as it is it was not cleared .
once i had done car wash from outside dealer they had everything properly .
when they use machines to wash , side and front of car are not cleaned properly .
after that they wash the car .
the car is not washed properly after a wash also it is seemed to be oily .
they should do proper cleaning of the vehicle .
washing cleaning of vehicle should be more proper .
car washing service is not good .
they washed my car improperly .
some times they forget cleaning some areas .
the cleanliness and condition of the vehicle when it is returned i really don t like as it was not been washed properly as on the vehicle some patches or dots every time remain and i have told many times and when i told them clean the vehicles properly they told it will be extra charged for cleaning properly as my son cleans the vehicle better than them
car should be cleaned properly .
while answering the cleanliness question i rated as 4 as i already mentioned they do not clean the vehicle properly .
they clean only when we ask them or show it instead they should do it before we tell them i always give them complaint about cleanliness they always do it only after complaint .
i have to tell them that the vehicle is not cleaned from here not cleared from there so then after telling them it is cleaned .
so there is still complaint about the same if this part of their work is clean than there is no issue in any other thing .
there is no other thing except they should wash or clean properly without any complaint .
they should clean the vehicle properly as we need to instruct them on cleaning
car washing service is not good .
they did not washed my car properly .
they should clean car properly .
in door area dust remains after was so they should clean it properly .
cleaning of vehicle should be proper .
i am not happy with cleaning of vehicle .
in my last service my experience of washing was little bad so supervisor should be focused on cleaning of vehicles .
they don t give proper washing to our cars .
they just wash it for once or twice but by rule they should wash it until it is not clean but they charge for extra washing , which is a problem for every owner .
last time when i went there for servicing they said that they would wash my car but the car was not washed properly .
sometimes car is not clean properly .
they must do the cleaning properly .
the water washing of the vehicle is not good .
they must clean the car properly .
when they are in hurry they do not clean the car properly
they should concentrate on small parts also when they clean the car .
they do not clean the vehicle properly when given for cleaning .
but the cleaning part should be done properly .
after washing the car staff should be proper checking the cleanliness of vehicle because sometimes car mud is not clean .
they never clean the car .
cleaning is not done properly .
cleaning should be done properly .
car should be completely clean when we get the car outside after servicing .
they need to clean the car completely and properly .
they do not clean tires mudguard properly as they only pour water on it so they should clean it by using brush .
if cleaning would be done good then we also be happy
cleaning must be done .
stains appear on the car , it must be cleaned properly after sprinkling water .
after car wash they do polishing due to which car did not clean and it made it unclean .
we face many problems because of this cleaning .
they have to clean the vehicle properly
cleaning service should be improved .
sometimes they are not clean the car .
if they clean 4 vehicles , he looks 4 vehicles and if they take 1 vehicle he looks 1 vehicle .
after servicing car do not clean properly .
when work gets over of car should clean , wash properly , polilsh properly but they are making quality bad .
work quality should be improved also they should improve on car cleaning part .
they should improve on cleaning part of the car .
they should be provide vehicle after proper clean .
car washing services should be improved
they said that car been washed out properly .
the cleaning of the car should be more after servicing .
they should wash the car more cleanly .
they should do proper cleaning of the vehicle .
if they are clean the quarter that quality was good and they are clean in water spray but water spray is not cleaning the car properly so if they are cleaning the car properly cars looking was good .
supervisor should be check the vehicle it was proper washing cleaning or not then they should give car to customer staff should be more cooperative with customer
they should focus on washing of vehicle .
they should do proper cleaning of the vehicle .
washing service should be improve .
car body wash should be clean properly and expert staff should be washing the car .
and clean the car properly .
washing service should be improved .
glass did not clean after wash the car .
water servicing should be improved .
car washing services should be improved .
they wash the car even then dust is available on the car as we are also into business we also have experienced so it does not look good if we ask them to clean again .
we are noticing it but in washing area they should improve in the same .
in car washing they should use shampoo and properly clean the car .
they should improve more on the services when the clean the vehicle , they should clean it completely .
they should ask the customer first about the work needed to done on the vehicle and they should do a proper cleaning of the vehicle .
car should be clean properly .
after washing the car , they are park in outside so they should park to car in side delivery time staff should clean the car then give to customer .
little little water drops get remain on the vehicle should clean properly .
after cleaning they should take care of it .
not cleaning they do not was properly .
they washed just few area that also they not washed properly .
last time also we said them and then they washed it .
vehicle is full of dust after wash .
they do not clean the small parts when the car is given for cleaning .
they clean after telling them about this .
after washing the car they use 2 labor for wiping the car so due to this the car is not cleaned properly .
we do not see more that how it is cleaned in side but if it is cleaned shined from outside then we feel very good .
car should be washed if it enters service center .
they have to wash the vehicle properly before delivering it .
cleanliness service should be improved because they are washing the car but after they not clean the car .
cleanliness service should be improved water washing service should be providing to customer
if we received the vehicle by the 7 00pm then we do not get proper clean vehicle .
we pay 1500rs for cleaning but they do not clean it .
they are washing the car but some of parts they are not clean so they should properly clean the car also clean the glass .
they should wash properly vehicle and give us .
focus should be little on cleaning .
the dust which remain from our side while cleaning same remain from your side also this is not expect from your side .
first they should clean the vehicle then give to customer
after washing the vehicle they have to wipe the vehicle before delivering it .
after the servicing the car , they do n't do cleaning proper .
they do n't clean which should happen .
700 for its cleaning .
so their should be an one person that who can look after cleanliness and washing of car then only they should deliver the car to customer .
when there are more cars they do not properly do the car washing as they do it in hurry .
they do n't clean car properly .
we have to stand over their and ask them to clean .
they should clean the vehicle properly and should the cleaning of the vehicle properly before give it to customer .
when i did my servicing i didn t want my car to be washed on that particular day , because i was getting late .
so i wanted it to be washed after 3 4 days when i ve time with me .
they even told me that if i don t wash my car at that time then they would give me rs 200 immediately .
so that i can be able to wash it some other day , because at that time my car didn t needed any washing .
water wash service should be improved .
they should improve the cleaning quality .
washing of cars needs to improve more like it should be cleaner .
there was some place not cleaned i told to dealer people they cleaned up .
cleanliness service should be improved because they are not clean the car properly .
they should clean the vehicle properly and should hand over the vehicle only when then vehicle get fully dry .
car was not cleaned properly .
need to clean the car completely .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
car was not cleaned properly .
did not get cleaned car in last servicing only .
make them notice that customers are giving them feedback that cleaning is not done properly then they must do it correct , then everything will be fine
they should wash the vehicle properly and should work as per customer needs .
water wash is not done properly .
cleanings service should be improved .
sometimes they are washing but car was not properly clean .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
they should be clean and wash vehicle properly .
they should properly clean the vehicle .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
we complete the cleaning in front of us .
they washing the car after servicing .
they should clean wash the vehicle properly .
the cleaning of the vehicle should be done properly .
they do not do cleaning of the vehicle properly .
even if the servicing is done properly but the cleaning properly .
they are just washing with normal water as the car is new .
the cleaning is not good 2they have to do their work perfectly in cleaning the vehicle
the cleaning is not good .
there should be one person at the time of cleaning of the vehicle .
so they are not putting water there also .
they should wash the car properly and should do proper work .
they should wash the vehicle properly .
cleanliness service should be improved because they are not clean the car properly .
they should improve in the cleaning of the car as they should do it properly .
washing of the car should be cleaner .
car washing services should be improved .
we did not receive expected cleaning from center .
after cleaning car does not shine .
they should clean vehicle properly .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
washing department should do work properly .
their washing services are not good .
they should improve on the water services done for cleaning the vehicles .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
they should do cleaning properly so that customer will be happy .
they not even clean my vehicle i told anything because i was in hurry .
washing service should be improved because sometimes they are not clean in ground position of vehicle .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
car 's cleaning is not done properly .
then they charge 650 rs for cleaning .
washing of vehicle should be proper .
after cleaning also , they put many spots of water same on vehicle .
faced difficultied 2 times they do n't do clear wash .
for cleaning they takes long time .
they are not clean the car properly sometimes they are wash in upper side so that should be improved properly clean the car .
when we go to take the car it should be clean .
they are not doing cleaning but telling us it had done .
they only do cleaning but they don t do any servicing in car .
the condition of service center should neat clean .
they should improve in the water services given by them .
we asked them for wash but there was a spiders web in my car dickey and they did not clean it .
they should be take care for the servicing the car because they are not cleaning the vehicle properly .
previously i have ford car their washing service are good .
but toyota people just hitting water not washing clearly .
they don t do anything in servicing they just wash our car and return us car .
they don t clean our car properly .
they should do proper cleaning and washing of vehicle .
they are not cleaning the car properly so that service should be improved .
they should improve on the cleaning part as it should look good when we see it after servicing .
i took my care for servicing but they did n't clean the car .
they should do basic cleaning properly .
they should proper wash the car and they were doing the work on car which customer told them .
water wash service is not much good .
having some problem with car washing .
they are taking long time for car washing .
car should be proper clean while returning it other wise customer will not going to visit again .
i have maruti car they do cleaning very properly .
maybe toyota not following proper way to clean car .
they does not clean and wash properly .
for water wash there is only 1 person so it is not done properly so instead if there would be 4 people then maybe they can do it properly .
washing is need to improve .
washing is need to improve .
they don t clean properly .
they should clean the car properly .
they should do improvement in the cleaning part .
we leave the car for cleaning those parts where we are not able to clean so they should clean it properly .
if you will provide them they they will clean properly .
they should clean it properly
cleaning service is not good so that should be improved
cleanliness service should be improved because sometimes they are not clean the car .
last time i told them about cleanliness , they told it s a complimentary service so cleaning facility is not there , so they are washing but quality was not good .
they should clean it properly .
car should be cleaned properly .
they should clean the car properly provide after servicing .
they have to improve the cleanliness after the servicing and even at the vehicle door side , if they improve this customers need not to clean again .
i saw some like dust in last of last service , they should be clean perfectly .
washing process of the car was not proper so it should be improved .
should do improvement on the water wash of the car .
i am not satisfied with the service of the water wash of done by them .
they should do a to z cleaning while doing water wash .
for cleaning should we get things from our home \?
services center should be clean .
i have only problem for washing only .
i send again my car for washing .
i will not go there for car cleaning next time .
if any specific cleaning is mentioned for cleaning of car then they should know how to clean it .
they should wash the car properly and should also clean the wheel properly .
they should take care while washing cleaning .
they should properly wash the car that s it .
water wash should be clean dirt should not be displayed
cleaning service is not good .
it should be great if they should take care while cleaning washing .
cleaning and all like should be done after washing actually it is not happening exactly .
we are not getting cleaning as we want after washing .
when we are returning with our car that time we came to know that they did not done cleaning properly .
they just normally cleaned it .
washing service should be improved .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
cleaning should be improved more .
they should properly clean the car after servicing .
the car water service .
thus need improvement on water wash services .
water servicing section should be improved under body part of vehicle should also be properly cleaned
they should clean the car properly .
vehicle cleaning service is not good .
they should take care of this and clean vehicle properly .
so they didn t wash the car cleanly .
in washing area they should do improvement in lift area otherwise rest everything is good .
car water service should be improved
they should do proper washing of the car
washing is not done properly .
they should improve on every side when they deliver car they should clean car before delivery .
car should properly clean after the servicing .
some times we found the dust after the servicing so they should clean the vehicle properly .
they should clean the car and then give the delivery .
at dealership there were not properly clean , hence there were cleaning properly
after doing car service they done water servicing also so theory should done this at the time of car servicing .
they were not properly cleaned the vehicle under water bodies .
they should clean it properly .
after completing the service , while taking the car it should be more clean .
in service center not properly wash the car , we need to told where it is washed .
they are cleaning car properly .
there should be improvement in car cleaning .
they should clean car properly .
while they are cleaning the car they are not dried water , the cleaning department should be active , and one day they are washed 20 to 30 cars , that 's why , they are not properly drying the water .
one person should be washed less cars , then he should cleaned properly .
customer should be satisfied with the cleaning
customer should wash the car properly give it to us .
when we say then only they clean it .
they have to clean the vehicle properly after servicing .
cleanliness as water wash service was not done properly .
after service they should clean properly give it to us .
they should clean the car second time .
there not doing cleaning correctly .
car should wash with water .
when we visit the service centre for cleaning the car that time they lave to attend properly do the work .
it should be cleaning properly .
the condition and cleanliness of vehicle when you received after servicing , car washing need to be improve .
their is not good cleaning .
they are only washing the car but not cleaning dust on it .
after servicing the car they should deliver the car in clean condition .
servicing car should be properly neat clean .
after servicing the car they are not properly cleaning it .
it should be washed cleanly and properly they are not properly cleaning my car , hence i am not happy .
customers should look out the first cleaning .
i know we not doing paid wash but if they clean properly not only water but also wet cloths .
car was proper clean or not then they deliver the car .
for car cleaning so they should clean it properly .
the condition and cleanliness the washing is so bad , their washing was not properly done .
they should be dry clean properly in a car always i has to dry clean .
there are not cleaning car properly .
they should be cleaned our car after servicing .
during my last servicing they were not properly wash my car .
there soil and water were after washing car still in the car .
they should a to z water wash and glass work properly
there are not doing cleaning properly .
i given the amount for dry cleaning 1500 but they not dry clean properly they not wash the car also .
they are not clean the car properly .
they should take more time clean the car .
cleanness is not good at service centers .
washing not properly done .
they should wash it properly .
they should be clean the car properly .
they are not doing the water washing properly .
so we can clean out car at home .
it should be looking properly and cleaning properly .
they have to clean the vehicle properly .
they do n't wash the vehicle properly , cleaning is ok .
but water washing is not ok .
if we will giving water servicing the car , then they our car as it is only .
servicing car they are not properly cleaning , it should be cleaning properly
they should take care of cleaning they should give car after properly cleaning .
they should clean the dust also .
i am observed 3 to 4 times , they are not cleaning my car properly .
they are not properly wash the car , water remaining on the car glass .
after i am own cleaning my car at home .
there should be washing the car properly
they should be little bit improve in cleaning service
in karnal service center first they use to clean the car very will .
they should also clean the car neatly .
after servicing our car it should be washing and cleaning properly .
car must be cleaned properly
servicing car should be cleaning properly .
our servicing car not cleaning properly .
car was n't cleaned properly .
last time on service they had n't cleaned it properly have to tell them for cleaning .
every parts of the car must be washed .
there should be clean and wash our cars .
after washing our car it is wiped properly .
in cleaning their should be improvement .
in one time only they have to clean it properly
the condition and cleanness when taking the car .
they people are not washing the car properly they should wash the car properly .
while delivering it must be wiped cleaned properly but they does that after requesting only so it takes more time for delivery .
proper cleaning must done .
it should be cleaned and washed properly .
car must be clean properly should not take more time .
they are not washing the time after visiting the service center .
they are not cleaning or water washing service interiorly and superiorly
they did not done the cleanness .
this should be improved and customers should not feel that the cleanness is not done properly .
many they not done the washing bill alignment machine was damage any time this machine was not in working condition washing machine also damage they should told us what are have in washing they had to clean sheet or roof it should be take care what happening close monetary engineer should be have monetary to understand about business point of view their flow or not .
while cleaning the vehicle they should be take care give more attention also recheck before handover to customer rhere is no any water in car or any oil orgrees in car etc .
they have to clean the car properly .
there are not properly clean the car .
some 2 customers are there that person teaching to them how to clean the car .
they must be improved the cleaning of car .
proper cleaning should be done .
last time they not clean dust .
rectify cleaning should be done .
cleaning should be good .
they should be cleaning the car at door side of the car .
car must be clean properly
when the car servicing time they should clean the car properly .
car must be cleaned properly .
3500 that is very costly they are not washing the car properly .
cleanliness should be proper which stain has to the water it should be clean
we have to tell them to clean car here there .
washing cleanliness should be do properly .
they are not doing cleaning properly .
they should be neat and clean our servicing car .
car washing should be do properly .
they take 800 to 1000rs but they should clean the car from outside also .
they told they wash car but when it saw is not like that they wash car properly
cleaning should be done properly .
they should improve water service and other service .
after servicing the car they are not cleaning properly .
servicing car should be clean properly , our cars which sides dust or dirt stickked , then it should be cleaning properly
since my east two service they are not clean my car properly .
i am not satisfied for cleaning part .
they should focus on delivery time clean of vehicle .
if they don t wash engine then they should clean car properly but they are not cleaning car properly .
they should clean car properly after cleaning they should deliver car on committed time .
where we seat there also should be clean properly .
they should clean the car properly .
water was also not done properly .
they have to do clean wash on door , glass under seats they have to clean a z water wash .
but after my last servicing that time also they were not properly cleaned my car .
their cleaning is not good , some time they doing good and some times not .
my new car also not clearing properly , they should be cleaned properly .
they should be clean properly after servicing the car they do n't careless while cleaning the vehicle after servicing .
they are not clean wash car properly .
there should be improvement for car washing .
washing has to be done .
it is such a big company that there is a single area for washing and giving one to two increasing .
then the washing will be good and the time will be saved too .
sometimes water wash is not good .
car should be clean properly they tells us it is not required .
washing cleaning need to be done nicely after the servicing of car .
when i went to receive car that time they cleaned my car in front of me .
customers not answer how to improve , vehicle condition and cleaning
they should wash car properly .
they are not cleaning the car properly .
they only wash with water .
so they should clean properly .
car should be clean properly .
at last time he told them to clean it .
they should not clean the car front of customer they should be done before it .
they should be improved in washing .
they use only water .
they should be clean properly .
it should be cleaning properly .
cleaning is not proper .
during my free service that time , they were not properly clean my vehicle .
they should give attention to cleaning of car .
after servicing should be clean our cars .
at the time of servicing the car is not washed properly it should be improved .
they should keep cleanness .
they should not properly do by water service also it is very dirty service .
i complained them my cars dicky not cleaned properly , but they are not improved .
they not washing the car properly they should take more time wash the car properly they wash car very fast finished there wore they should clean properly .
after servicng our car , they are not properly cleaning it , they are returned to as it is .
they should clean car properly .
they do n't clean the car properly .
they should clean the car completely .
they should be wash the car properly .
1 \) they went to pick the car at 5pm but they did the water service at 11am .
they should clean car properly .
they are not doing water service properly .
after the water wash they need to apply grease then all required parts .
they are not doing water service but they are cleaning the car by small clothes .
at my last servicing for washing they had not done it proper .
water servicing should be clean it should be better .
they should clean car properly
every thing is ok but there is problem in cleaning .
they are not clean car from downside like rainy time tayers and downside there is full of dust so they should wash properly .
after servicing our car they should be looked after its properly cleaned or not
they should wash car properly .
cleaning washing they do n't do it properly .
we have to tell them again again that clean it properly .
they should clean car properly .
they should give proper attention while cleaning washing of the car .
they not clean the car properly they had given my car very dirty they should have given my car clean .
in car have small small things it should be clean car should be clean properly .
they not clean my car properly .
servicing our cars after they are not cleaning properly .
it should be cleaned properly it will be for customer .
car washing should be done properly .
they only put water .
then they should clean it properly .
in last time service the cleaning was not good .
better if will clean more .
it is dusty even after cleaning .
car should be clean properly .
water makes should not show on car .
they should clean the car properly .
while cleaning the vehicle that some of them is supervised the work if they doing properly or not
car washing is not proper .
water service was not good must also change the techniques of cleaning .
one time they not clean my car properly .
they should give attention at the timing of cleaning the car .
if they are pay for your service they must be proper clean the car wash the properly of all the parts of car .
they should give attention to cleaning .
when they deliver the car to the customer that time they clean the car properly .
they should be already clean the car before delivery .
washing area department should be improved because in washing it should not take time .
they should clean wash car properly .
after servicing they not littlie bit take care about cleaning .
cleaning was not done properly .
they only clean in outside .
they had not wash car properly they should do water cleaning properly .
after washing , they have to clean the vehicle properly .
they should be properly clean the car also improved it .
they are not doing cleaning and washing properly .
when we buy car how it look same should be there they should look after the cleaning process they should clean only by water and cloth we pay 500 rs for that if they give such servicing then it 's better we do it in home .
who cleaning the car , they are not clean properly .
water wash is not done properly and only body wash is done .
they are not doing water washing properly
they should be clean properly .
which they not clean it .
always i want to shouting them then they clean it .
they wash my car but it not cleaned .
their workers are not properly clean and wash our cars .
water washing in not good .
after servicing our car they are not properly cleaned it also while they are use the things for cleaning it is also not good .
when we are given servicing car then it should be cleaning properly .
they should clean car properly .
after washing while sating remains there they should be clean .
they should wash properly .
there are not cleaning dust properly .
there was dust in car so they should clean the car properly
they are not cleaning the car properly .
they are not cleaning car properly from outside also we have to told them about it .
car should be clean easily also not doing washing properly .
after servicing our car they should be properly clean .
and also they should not properly the water servicing .
car washing should be done properly .
washing is not good .
i told to the manager , supervisor that do the cleaning fast put the water send the car .
we give the car to wash them that we can also do at home .
but we give the car there because for good cleanliness but they clean the car only outside .
they should clean car properly .
they are not washing cleaning properly .
they put water on car they see the second , third car .
now they were clean it but they should be clean better .
washing should be improvement .
they should do cleaning washing properly .
they should clean car properly .
they should improve in cleaning .
while delivering the car they should be clean properly .
while cleaning the car , after washing they not clean the stain , its remains like that only also not clean it .
after washing i had complete them .
they should clean car properly .
they should see the car that it is clean properly or not before giving it to customer .
they should clean the glass after wash with water .
they should clean car properly .
they should clean the car properly .
they should pay attention at the cleaning of car .
water service was not properly done .
they have to improve cleanliness washing after servicing .
they should clean the car properly .
the supervisor should be up to date , like before giving the car back he should properly cleaned washed or not .
they clean the car properly in side .
while servicing they mot done the proper water service .
washing should be improvement .
after servicing our car then they are not properly cleaning it .
if they are properly cleaning our car then it is nice looking .
service should be more improved water servicing should be properly cleaning it is no problem to they are taken additional amount , but they are giving generally service so , it should be improved which they additional amount they taken there is no problem , but good service should be given .
they not clean car dicky properly at the time of servicing .
servicing should be at committed time , all services they should be doing neat and clean also it ok .
they should be cleaning properly they put greece then its stickked dust .
they are washing our car , but not cleaning it properly .
while they are washing our car then they should be used clean water avoid used it dirty water .
car should be clean properly .
they have to improve the water washing
after washing they should clean while using cloth they use chemicals after that spot was occur in the glass .
they are not doing work carefully servicing car not properly neat and cleaning .
car washing should be proper .
how i want but they didn t clean our car
after servicing they have to cleaning and condition of the vehicle so he properly
they not clean the car properly .
they did not done water washing properly .
they have to improve more in cleaning the vehicle .
they are not cleaning properly .
they have to improve the water washing
if we complaint car is not clean properly then they are not listening .
after servicing they are not properly cleaning our car , it should be improvement .
washing should be done properly
should be properly cleaning and washing our car .
quality of cleaning and washing should be improvement .
they do proper work for water service
water service they should clean proper the many in the car .
workers are not understand how it is cleaning and washing .
washing and cleaning our car is very important for servicing .
my last servicing time they not properly wash and clean my car .
which have washing servicing .
after washing should be had no dust in car cleanliness should be completely .
three times i given my car for servicing , but , they are not properly wash my car till three services .
after servicing they are not properly cleaning my car , so , it should be improvement .
they should deliver the car neat clean .
they are not washing the car properly .
they should wash the car properly carefully .
i expect that my car will washed .
the dirt should not remain even after washing .
they didn t done proper cleaning .
only complaint of cleaning purpose itself .
they have to improve the water servicing and cleanliness .
need to clean the vehicle properly
hence washing should be improvement .
they must do water was for all the parts .
they are washing the vehicle at the time of delivering the vehicle , instead of that they have to clean the vehicle before delivering .
sometimes when i went for cleaning my car i have to show them where to clean .
they have to clean the inner parts of the vehicle properly .
car needs to be washed properly .
washing is very bad .
wash the car properly so that customer does not have to complaint about it .
many times i complained about washing the car .
hence washing should be proper .
at the time of last servicing they not clean my car properly .
they should wash car properly .
they should improve cleaning .
dealership should intimate to staffs to wash the car properly .
dealership people do n't do the cleaning properly .
in cleaning they do n't concentrated properly .
the car needs to be more clean .
they should clean the car properly then give back .
clean needs to be done properly .
water service is not good .
every time they not done the washing properly .
so i had to gone their again then also they not washed properly .
they washing the car well on top of the car , but beneath the car near by tyre side they are not cleaning properly .
so they have clean all over the car properly .
they have not washed my car properly .
if they washed it properly and concentrate on washing then it would be good .
they have to do water washing and cleanness properly 3 .
before delivery the car needs to be washed properly .
once or twice i said them to clean after that they clean .
they not clean car properly .
i don t like their way of washing the car .
if vehicle is not properly clean they should be clean it very well .
before returning they should clean the car properly .
some times they are not properly cleaning our car .
if we are told them then also they are cleaning it properly .
after servicing they should be properly washed our car .
the dust remains the same after washing the car , so it needs to be cleaned properly .
it should feel like it is wash .
1800 for cleaning .
comparing to mahindra company toyota company water wash is not good .
800 900 for washing so they should washed according in it .
after servicing they should clean the car properly
they should be washing the car properly .
service center dealership is good but the washing is not good .
they will not properly cleaning our car , when we say , that time they do .
hence cleaning should be improvement .
they don t fully clean our car .
water service need to be more improved it will good for us .
they have to clean the vehicle properly after servicing .
mostly the cleaning is not done properly .
while we are going for servicing the car should be cleaned thoroughly .
they are not doing water service properly its like they are taking cloth wash it .
before they do water wash properly .
but now they do with the help of spray , so instead of using spray should be clean with water only .
i dont like they cleaning our car , so the cleaning needs to be improved .
the car washing things they do n't available there .
there should be improvement in cleaning of car .
washing department needs to be improved .
in servicing the clean what they do may be compared to home wash also .
washing should be improvement .
cleaning should be improving .
if customer showed which place for cleaning then they should be cleaned properly , and after should be showed to the customer
improvements are needed in cleaning of car .
this people don t do washing of car properly .
they don t clean vehicle on places where truly cleaning is required in car .
i have only problem in cleaning of vehicle .
most of the time clean use to be said from our side .
they used only water for cleaning , hence it should be improvement
they should clean the vehicle properly .
after servicing if the car is more clean then it would be better .
they are not properly water servicing our car .
they used only two bottles of water for cleaning , so dirt remain at gaps of the car .
hence they should properly washed our car .
they should clean the vehicle properly .
washing is not done properly .
there should be improve to clean the car facility .
they not did a cleaning properly .
so , they used only water and after that leave it like that only .
so we can feel my car was clean completely .
they should clean the car problem , so we not get any problem after a servicing .
while them doing a servicing that time they forget to clean on some place .
washing is not proper in toyota service center .
as comparing maruti with toyota , maruti washing is good .
they should do the cleaning of the vehicle slowly so that cleaning performed well .
cleaning is very poor .
so , they should done a cleaning properly .
the car should be cleaned properly .
out of 10 they are not clean the car 2 then we have to say for complete remaining 2 cleanliness .
they should do cleaning properly .
they should improve in cleanliness service because they are not washing the car properly so they should clean the car properly .
they should do the washing properly .
while comparing to oil engine servicing the water wash services is not good and clean .
they should do the washing properly .
washing service was not good .
they have to do the water washing properly .
proper cleaning required after every servicing
water service should be available at dealership .
they donot clean the vehicle in the way how dsk keeps clean .
so they should come and clean wash at that type .
sunny toyota should look into the cleaning of the car after the servicing .
but they serviced my car and did not washed the same .
car cleaning was not at all proper after washing the car .
they cleaned it from our side .
should give car to the customer with proper cleaning .
they have to do the cleaning of the vehicle fastly
i have the only issue in washing of car .
whenever i give my car for washing i face issue in washing .
car was returned in same condition in condition which i have given before washing .
i have to go for washing 2 3 times .
toyota company should improve 100 in the washing of vehicle .
they should improve in condition of car cleanliness of service because they are not completely washing the car when open the door that time we see that they are not clean the car after washing they are not check the car .
they should more improve in washing service staffs are not clean the car properly .
but after servicing we have to tell them cleanliness is not here then they cleaned it .
cleaning parts need to improved more .
but cleaning is not done properly so customer is unhappy .
i am not satisfied in cleaning of the car .
they are not focusing on car cleaning properly .
while servicing they did not wash the car properly .
they should notice the cleaning process .
cleaning should done in time also they should do monitoring properly .
cleaning service should be improved .
they should neatly wash the front back side of car .
they did not done proper cleaning at the down part of my vehicle
car washing should be done properly .
every time i complaint about car washing .
after servicing they should clean the car properly .
washing should be improved and they should clean the car properly .
there are stain of washing powder and water droplets on car and they should clean it properly .
washing need to be cared .
they do not clean the car at all if we do not pay before servicing or pay late .
they do not even clean the dust settled on the car .
they are not doing the water washing properly after servicing
after servicing the car they are not cleaning the car properly so that service should be improved .
they should clean the vehicle properly after servicing .
washing of vehicle is not proper .
after washing the cleanliness is not proper .
the water is falling down from the car .
they should improve in washing servicing otherwise everything is good .
at last servicing the washing work is not proper
they should clean the vehicle before give it to customer .
they are doing the water washing at sunrise , due to less parking area .
they have to clean the vehicle in front of of customer 's with in one hour
if even , we take paid service we have to pay 1000 just for washing with only water .
they need to improve only on washing .
they don t even ask after washing when we go to take car after wash we found water stains on car .
the car was not clean .
after servicing they don t do cleaning of car properly .
they should pay more attention towards cleaning of vehicles .
then they cleaned it immediately after i complained them about it .
anant toyota should improve their cleaning .
they should improve in washing services so it will be good for us .
at lanson dealership water wash is not good .
these place i have observed but they have not cleaned well .
water wash is not done properly that need to be resolved .
water service is not done properly hence , need to do the water service properly .
when we go to receives our car after service they don t wash car properly .
they don t clean our vehicle completely .
they should improve the quality of cleaning
they are taking more time for water washing .
they have to provide water washing centers .
the water stains very left on my car and the washing center staff should do their work properly .
the car should be spotless clean when it comes out of the service center after servicing .
the washing should be perfect .
in cleanliness washing cleaning was not proper .
we have to visit 2 time for washing .
they just clean it little bit here and there .
water service need to do properly .
car should clean before handing it to its customers i .
we cannot able to do water washing of car hence we give it to dealership hence the dealership need to wash the car properly .
while washing car they do not wash on bottom part .
they should improve on cleaning of car .
last time due to water problem they did not clean my car properly .
they should store sufficient water for cleaning and they should clean vehicle properly .
they should be trained properly regarding the cleaning of the cars .
if they found any problem in cleaning , they should give car for cleaning again .
they not done a car washing prospered way another which service they provide , which is very good .
another service is good we are satisfied but only we faced problem in cleaning service .
we are giving the more amount for water washing , but they have to do proper cleanliness of water washing to the car
after servicing my car , cleaning should be improve .
while they are washing car then , we are showed dust , after they are washed it properly .
hence washing should be improve
they should clean car properly .
they should clean the vehicle properly
car condition and water wash in anaamalai dealership should be improved because after the water wash of the car , the stain remains the same in the glass .
in galas there is dot dot even after water cans with the clean water they should wash the window glass of the car .
they have to do the proper water washing and cleaning of the vehicle
they should give proper attention on cleaning of car .
1 \) before delivering the vehicle once again they have to clean the vehicle .
vehicle should be clean properly
they have to do the proper water washing and cleaning of the vehicle
after servicing our car they should be properly cleaned our car .
if we are told them our car is not cleaned properly but they told us we clean like that only .
water service must be improved .
dust is remains same , after clean the water still dust not clean .
they must do the cleaning properly , it should be doing properly .
cleaning of the car was not proper .
they do not do cleaning as per the requirement .
if the customer paying for dry clean then he should get that clean .
the service center should know how to clean this .
after washing our car it had remains at dots of water .
so it should be properly cleaned .
they should do washing properly .
they should clean car properly .
they should wash car properly .
they should clean car properly .
sometime they not clean car at all of we keep in service center they gave as it is .
washing should be doing properly .
they should clean a car properly .
which small small thing have in car those should be clean properly .
1 \) the cleanliness and water washing is not good , due to more vehicles , so they have to increase the service centers .
full water wash should be provided while servicing the car .
the washing is not proper every time , all times there were washing problem .
who doing a cleaning .
those was not done a cleaning properly .
the washing should be clean and it should not be said by us again and again .
they had not done cleaning properly .
there service was good , but , cleaning and washing are not proper , hence it should be improved .
after servicing my car they do not properly clean and wash my car
the cleaning is not proper in service centre .
washing are also not proper .
proper cleaning require during servicing
the service wo n't take much time as compared to washing time .
they should clean the car properly .
they have to do the proper water washing and cleaning of the vehicle
actually there is a water problem so they not clean it properly .
if the customers are saying that this area needs to be cleaned but they don t do that .
they did not wash car properly stain remain same on the car .
i had given my car for cleaning there was some dust .
washing should be doing properly .
car condition and cleaning needs to be taken care by the service center .
the car cleaning needs to be cleaned properly .
there have water service facility so there should be have water service facility .
they should clean a car properly .
the washing is not done properly .
they just clean with the hand cleaning needs to be done properly .
the service center of mahindra washing system is proper they clean from front and back clean is good in mahindra service center .
the rudra toyota spray gun is from both the side they clean and mahindra washing system is proper .
is the customer happy or the service center if they bring their car for servicing if customer comes for servicing they provide tea water facility with that it is not fine .
they are not cleaning the car properly after delivery of car we found dust in it they should improve it .
the technician himself needs to clean the car throughtly .
in lanson nandanam dealership the water wash is not proper like the stains used to remain the same .
from a z clear water wash should be provided to customer .
they should clean a car properly .
after servicing our car they do not properly cleaning washing the car , hence it should be improve .
when they use for cleaning with this water the car is scratched .
it was my free service but till the time they finish the service they have not clean the car and returned to me .
they should give same care on cleaning by dealership .
should be provide them more time for washing then they wash a car properly .
they should clean car properly .
washing needs to be done properly .
washing needs to improved .
it took 2 hours to come out the cleaning is not proper in washing .
it should be cleaned throughly .
it take 2 to 3 hours for cleaning the car but it should clean throughly .
washing needs to be done properly .
they should wash properly .
water service cleaning should be done properly .
only one time the car needs to cleaned properly .
there should be improving in cleaning .
cleaning needs to be properly done .
after servicing car condition and cleanings the don t do proper wash we used to say them about the cleaning .
the cleaning is done very slowly .
they not wash are properly but clean it .
cleaning needs to be done properly .
all the minor things need to be cleaned properly .
they should clean car properly .
car should be wash properly car servicing should be doing properly .
they should improve their service in cleaning .
car should be clean properly .
they should do proper clean the car .
during my last car serving i was drop my vehicle in service centre at 8 30 am for servicing and i was pick my vehicle after servicing at 7 00 pm during this long time period they did not wash properly my then i called service staff told and showed him how they wash my vehicle then the clean it during servicing the vehicle they need to struck supervision by their technician or saviors .
they should clean car properly .
dealership should clean a car properly because they not clean a car properly .
which they done a cleaning in car , which should be improve always we have to tell them which was clean or not .
then done a cleaning but after told them .
cleaning needs to be done properly .
at small place also the dust remain the same so it needs to be cleaned properly .
at the time of service they are not clean the car .
they are not cleaning the car properly .
they clean only from outside .
they should clean and wash the car properly they should systematically clean the car .
at the time of water servicing they should clean car down parts properly .
proper cleaning needs to be done to car .
they should properly clean the car .
they do n't clean the car properly after the servicing completed .
they should clean car properly before giving it to customer .
condition of car and cleanliness also should be improve they not doing washing properly .
they throw a water on car after that left like that so nobody go there before it it .
when they wash the car glass should be clean properly there are water marks on the glass .
they did not do what they promised even second time when we called they said , they will clean the car give but they did not do .
after servicing the car needs to be cleaned properly because they won t clean from all sides .
so they need to clean all the side and the cleaning needs to be done neat and clean .
they should clean car properly .
they should clean car properly .
when i visit to take the car i call them clean the car so i am dissatisfied .
they not clean car properly when i complaint about it then they clean it .
they have to deliver the vehicle with proper water washing and cleanliness
