there should be transparency . means not only tire but any part customer should understand it completely and should be resolved within time . ['part', 'understand', u'resolv', u'transpar']
1 . they have to explain clearly and understandable to the customers regarding the condition of the vehicle [u'condit', u'understand']
they have to understand the customer 's problem 2the management should concentrate on their business ['problem', u'busi', 'understand', u'manag']
service advisor should ask the customer that the customer is satisfied with the answer giving by service advisor or not and if service advisor not able to understand customer problem , so they should allow the customer to speak with their manager . [u'abl', 'understand', 'advisor', 'answer', 'problem', u'manag']
just they can be little more manageable to improve [u'manag']
we are not understand the car problem , staff should self check the car . ['problem', 'understand', 'staff']
they should understand basic things also explain to the customer . what they want to explain they only focus such things . ['understand', 'basic']
they should allow the customers to be present at the servicing place so that we can learn many things about servicing . when they tight a \? natboltu \? then we can see and understand how to tight and which pressure is needed . [u'pressur', 'place', 'natboltu', u'mani', 'understand', 'present']
they should be explained that customer is always right and they can talk however they want to amongst each other , but when they talk to a customer they have to talk nicely . they should talk politely with the customers without being rude to them . if a customer does not understand something clearly , they cannot be rude to the customers even without explaining them . when you get rude to a customer without giving them a proper explanation , it 's totally wrong . customer is god , you cannot back answer them . more than half of the staff member does not know how to talk to the customer . [u'explan', 'right', 'rude', 'god', u'someth', 'member', 'answer', 'wrong', 'understand', 'half', 'proper', 'staff']
