dealership staff should explain the customers properly . if we ask them to fix any extra part then they mention that we will get the part only after ordering it for this we will have to pay in advance . so instead of this they should have all the parts available with them . ['extra', u'advanc', u'avail', 'mention', 'part', 'staff']
in car there is any problem inside they are not repair that properly when they cleaning the car they are not asking for us car is damaged or not . ['problem']
they well know that after 5 years what are the problem will be arise in car . so they explain us properly in advance it will be good . ['problem', u'advanc', u'year']
dealership staff need to explain all the problems . we are paying 7000 rs for service so they have to explain all the service charges how they charging and how much for each parts ['much', u'problem', u'part', 'rs', 'staff']
they should increase the staff . so they can explain the problem of the car to customers . ['problem', 'staff']
in last servicing we told them while break the car some noise comes in right side of the car . which not solve it . if customer some problem told them they should be solve it in that time . ['right', 'last', u'nois', u'solv', 'problem', 'side']
my car part had one problem then i told the service center , changed my car parts , but they told me not problem at parts and not necessary to changed it , you are run away your car . if customer wants their cars changed it otherwise they told the solution to the customer . [u'solut', 'problem', 'part', u'necessari']
they not explain me . they not told me accurately what has to repair in car what problem has there in it . in which services have what work had to done . when we have to take the car they not explain me anything . ['problem', 'work', u'anyth']
for the work i have taken my car they have not done the work properly . the mechanics are also not good . they did not provide proper service and also did not see that the work has completed or not but they should see this . they must appoint a man whom has more idea about car servicing because if he had more idea he can solve these problems easily . ['work', 'idea', 'proper', u'mechan', u'solv', u'problem', 'man']
i had problem with my ac of my car . first they said problem with pipe then i changed it . then also it was not been solved on second time i had problem with some other parts to change it . then also the car problem have not been solved . the advisor used to change all the problem of the car once at a time . ['ac', 'pipe', 'second', u'part', 'advisor', u'solv', 'problem']
first time i taken toyota car , i don \? t know anything about it so , staff should explained us how much km used the car , then it required to change the parts and servicing also . service should be improved so it 's good for the customer . [u'anyth', 'much', 'km', u'part', 'first', 'staff']
while giving the car for services we mention all the issues persist over the car but the dealership staff need to look after on all each parts that is there any other problem in the car and need to resolve the same as well . [u'resolv', u'issu', 'mention', u'part', 'need', 'problem', 'staff']
there should be a staff available who gave satisfactory answers to customers and explained properly about the problem . it means they just said as you come here we will do this will do that and all . we do not want such type of service need good service . [u'avail', u'satisfactori', u'answer', 'problem', 'type', 'staff']
they should explain about the requirement documents or things which is then want or didn \? t want . anything problem when have then should told about that . ['problem', u'document', 'want', u'requir', u'anyth']
they should properly brief the customer about the issues the problems of the car . [u'issu', u'problem']
every thing is ok but they should do there work properly . because after 400 500 km running the same problem started again so it should be improve you can take more time we will adjust but work should be done nicely . ['problem', 'ok', 'km']
if we asked staff for our any doubts they don \? t know anything , they told to us you can asked at head office . they must be aware all the problems . [u'awar', 'head', u'anyth', u'offic', u'doubt', u'problem', 'staff']
dealership staff not explained anything to a customer . they should explain differently about insurance . [u'anyth', u'insur', 'staff']
there is any problem of vehicle , they have to rectify the problem , with out giving the explanstions ['problem', u'explanst']
