they should explain everything [u'everyth']
they should not say lie to the customer what is the fact they should say that only ['lie', 'fact']
the problem should be solved in the service center itself we should not need to visit outside , because the vehicle is manufactured there itself so we are aware that they will use the original parts but in other place we are not aware they are using the original material or not . [u'origin', u'awar', u'materi', u'part', 'place', u'solv', 'problem']
during the servicing time when everyone explain about servicing i think sometime it is like that only which is no need to say . i think just they are saying for making money . one incident was happened with me that my car was bend from front side , they said that it will not repair . they said that we will do balancing but the ring will not repair also they charge for that . if anything is there service center guys should explain properly to the customers is there any benefits of doing servicing or not or if we do the servicing then what problem can occur should explain . [u'anyth', 'money', u'sometim', 'side', 'front', u'benefit', u'guy', u'incid', 'need', 'ring', u'everyon', 'problem']
the management should be more strong and responsible regarding the appointment with us and our visit to the dealership . [u'appoint', 'responsibility', 'strong', 'visit', u'manag']
service advisor should be more matured . and experienced . they should have options before working on any thing . they should specify advantages and disadvantages . there are such options which an advisor donor know . they worked on my car without asking me . they donor have experienced staff . [u'matur', u'option', u'advantag', 'advisor', 'donor', u'disadvantag', 'staff']
they should do proper servicing or washing of the car in the first visit . we should not need to come again and again for the same work . they should work properly , the car which are visiting there should be properly checked ['proper', 'work', 'visit', 'first']
there is should be transparency . if we want to install any part they force us to take this or that and about the charges . ['part', u'charg', u'transpar']
staff is bogus this time . old staff was nice . staff should answer us properly and they should solve us every complaint . we call them 4 5 times but they never call us . ['complaint', 'old', 'answer', 'call', u'solv', 'staff', 'nice']
there should be some arrangement for looking at the vehicle when they do the oil servicing . because we need to see that the oil which they use is the same oil which is written on bill . [u'arrang', 'oil', 'bill']
lot of smell is coming from my car from the time i have taken the car . me and my friend took the car at the same time and same model , everything is same , when his car is riding there is no smell but in my car has the smell . this same thing i told them also on which they said this is normal and i did not get any resolution . when i checked with my friend he confirmed that there is no smell . my suggestion is that they must investigate completely and only then they must answer the customer . if customer is saying some thing they must pay attention to it and then they must answer it . ['normal', u'attent', u'confirm', u'suggest', u'resolut', 'lot', 'answer', 'model', 'smell', u'everyth', 'friend']
they should drop the customer to their place . ['place']
when we go the services center they should give good services . waiting time work should be done . they said done work in guarantee period another then they take 7days . they should done over work in one day . but they more money to done our work in one day . ['money', 'work', 'period', u'guarante', u'7day', u'wait']
when we go for the car servicing they unnecessary they ask for the expensive servicing of the card . e . g . some new clearing like dry cleaning system the launched for cleaning the seats which cost rs 1500 which is not needed according to me ['e', 'g', 'rs', u'clear', 'system', u'seat', u'dri', u'expens', u'clean', 'new', u'unnecessari', 'card']
dealing should be good . in service center there should be experience person . ['person', u'experi']
the car work which i hold that work they not do on that they do extra work . some people went to do the phone call . some people went to told for lunch time . without any time they wont home own they proper time . searching the document they attend another customers ['extra', 'attend', 'phone', u'peopl', 'work', 'lunch', 'call', 'proper', 'home', 'document']
service center need to deliver on time without customer waiting . sometimes they delivered most of the time out . if more vehicle is came for service then they delayed customers are waiting for very long time . this needs to be improve . [u'wait', 'long', u'deliv']
i repairs my car 's clutch plate , then also i face same problem , so service center should check car properly before giving it to customers . ['plate', 'problem', u'repair', 'clutch']
while servicing time they are not properly explain with our car . after servicing , i taken away my car on the way i switched on my cars headlight , but it is not on , immediately i called them , they are told me you are come tomorrow . . they should be explained properly when we are came there . ['come', u'call', 'tomorrow', 'way']
there is a less workers \( boy 's \) , should be provide more workers . one person handles 10 cars . we do n't have a time to talk anyone . [u'less', 'boy', 'staff', u'anyon', 'person']
which part have bolt which they not get other then they put . so they not told me to not use the car . they put all tires new after come to lakh now it was damaged . then i told them then they told me boll was gone which is not there . ['new', 'part', 'boll', u'tire']
the staff are misguide us they should not to misguide us . they should be told us right things . which services good services for us like . ['right', u'misguid', 'staff']
i had taken the appointment on before 28th they had rejected the appointment and they had sent me back . when we the customers service center . speed of the service [u'appoint', 'speed']
explain properly about the servicing and all . explain everything about the vehicle what servicing they are doing , which , where need putting , what should be doing for servicing , only in that place . explanation should be properly . [u'explan', 'need', u'everyth', 'place']
service centre persons should change the staff . they should charge the penalty for staff . customer satisfaction must be needed . professional showroom must be provided in service centers . [u'penalti', u'satisfact', u'centr', u'profession', u'person', 'showroom', 'staff']
maintenance must be there work should be done on commuted time . whatever the reason is there . ['work', 'reason', u'mainten', u'commut']
service centers advisor should be call the customer and confirmed . which time coming to the service center . if customer coming to late , then they should be attend the customer and then after attended other customer . ['call', 'attend', u'confirm']
everything depend on advisor which we leave the car on the advisor , so in inside staff how the doing work who doing proper so this work had advisor to take care of it he customer it should he has advisor responsibility because where they work there we are not allowed and has to stand there . they should not paint out the customer and done the work . they should not point out on work which they take the work they should be complete . advisor has to be date car about now they doing the work and which they done the work . which are proper or not , they should use their authority ['depend', u'insid', u'author', 'work', 'date', 'responsibility', u'complet', 'advisor', 'proper', u'everyth', 'care', 'staff']
everything should be improved . [u'everyth']
while i taken away my car at servicing center then they told me here servicing more car reaming , now we are not taken . while i taken appointment then they told me tomorrow bring your car if there already more cars for servicing then they should be called and refused . if we are taken the appointment then they are one place put the customers otherwise they call the customers . today not come tomorrow you will come . i given this complaint it should be solved . if servicing our car completed at one day they put it two days . but all works doing it properly otherwise customers went at again and again to solve the problem his cars . they work properly our car then customer will be satisfied . [u'appoint', u'ream', 'complaint', 'place', u'solv', u'call', 'problem', 'tomorrow', 'today']
if any person will go their then they should give satisfied to them . like for example their language should be removed when customer go their they should ask tea or coffee to them . ['tea', u'exampl', u'coffe', u'languag', 'person']
improvement needed but i do n't want to give suggestion . [u'improv', u'suggest']
when we give our car to them for servicing and return back . so , if has any issue comes in the car , so they should be call us and asked about the issue we resolve or not . [u'issu', 'call', u'resolv']
service center should do dealing properly . parts are not available at service center . so they should order the parts . [u'avail', u'part', 'order']
they should communicate clearly with customers . there should me transparency in advance . they should explain properly any tips to customer of technical parts . [u'part', u'tip', u'technic', u'advanc', u'commun']
those mechanics who are working over there , they should be more expert , so that they can detect the fault . good mechanic is needed , those who are there , they are not expert . ['fault', u'mechan', 'expert']
we are not satisfied with the suggestions given by the dealership they should give it more better . [u'suggest']
experience staff should be there . and excellent staff should be there . staff should be increase . if staff 's are more while service it will not take time . [u'increas', u'experi', u'excel', 'staff']
the customer needs to get genuine explanation from the staff . once my car wheel alignment problem a raised . they said my 500 discount be received . but in bill they should tyre change , shockpsar change they added me many charges . [u'explan', 'wheel', u'genuin', u'align', 'bill', 'discount', u'mani', 'problem', u'chang', u'charg', 'staff']
while servicing the car the charges shown on the job car should be similar and there should be no additions charges the bill amount should be similar it should not be more . ['bill', 'amount', 'job', 'similar', u'charg', u'addit']
the staff should have a very clear idea about the spare parts rate . if we ask for the rate of the parts they fumble ask for here there in which are time get wasted . my suggestion is to be there engineer should be available . ['get', u'suggest', 'clear', 'idea', u'avail', 'rate', u'part', 'spare', 'ask', 'staff']
at the time of servicing they should do only that work which is needed not take extra charges for that work . ['work', u'charg', 'extra']
it will be good for my car but after that i did not feel any charges in my car . they take huge amount for it . so after paying huge amount it there is no benefit out of it then this is not good they should not suggest us like this . if somebody asks then only they suggest then it \? s ok . ['huge', 'ok', 'suggest', 'benefit', 'amount', u'somebodi', u'charg']
when i explained my problem about my car they took a smooth road drive for checking but i have to drive in rough road also . so as per me complain about the sound in suspension not get when they check my car in smooth road . i want to improve their ability to capture our problem to resolve them . ['sound', 'smooth', 'drive', u'resolv', u'suspens', u'abil', 'problem', 'rough', 'road']
staff need to explain all things properly . they called us said that the service was finished , so come collect the car , but when we went to collect the car that time car was not able to start . than they said that come again \? tomorrow \? we will check do the service again . they have to check need to do test drive before calling the customer because its waste of our time to come again . [u'abl', u'wast', 'drive', u'call', 'need', 'come', 'tomorrow', 'staff']
explanation given by staffs needs to improve . they don \? t do work as per given instructions . work which we said they should complete that everything . they should confirm this that customers all the work should be done which they don \? t complete . they didn \? t complete work which i told them in my last service . [u'explan', 'last', 'confirm', 'work', u'instruct', u'need', u'everyth', u'complet', u'staff']
i left my car at dealership that the car side mirror has been loose as it was not fitted properly . since last 2 services i have mentioning it but yet they not resolved it and when i asked the same to local dealers they said it will charge rs . 10000 . actually the insurance which we take due to this reason only that if we have any such issues we can claim it . but when it is not in use then there is no use of insurance to our car . ['use', 'last', 'rs', 'due', u'dealer', u'issu', u'mention', 'reason', 'mirror', u'insur', 'local', 'side', u'resolv']
they should not cheat with the customer , they should fill proper oil in vehicle and should attend the customer who come first . ['proper', 'oil', 'attend']
when the customers approach the staff numbers they have to immediately attend them instead of keeping on wait . ['staff', u'number', 'attend', 'wait']
the tone of manger is not proper while taking to the customer . the any they need to take need to be in proper manner they should not talk with customer in that manner . i am also a businessman and i don \? t talk with my customer in had manner . they should take with the customers in soft manner . so that they can visit again i don \? t like to go their . they need to treat us properly . they needs to improve on their while taking . they need to look on the customer facility also . ['manger', 'tone', u'facil', 'need', 'manner', 'proper', 'businessman', 'soft', 'talk']
they need to repair the tyre , the things of the first time . no need of during the wrong explanation . they need to do right service on first time . [u'explan', 'right', 'wrong', 'tyre', 'need', 'first']
they should give more time to a customer , it should be well told that the service need to be said in the car . ['need']
after servicing they should check a car properly then hand over a car to customer ['hand']
in first servicing only they should explain clear to the customer . ['clear', 'first']
staff should co operative us . staffs are less they should assure as that they will give car to us . they should not give us reason like staff are less it will take 4 5 hrs . [u'oper', u'hr', 'reason', u'less', 'staff']
