they should explain everything [u'everyth']
they should do improvements on the explanations which they provide . like when i had given my car for servicing for the 1st time they told that oil needs to be changed , but again in the 2nd servicing they told oil needs to be changed . when asked that why is the oil to changed they did not tell anything . so they should provide explanations for the customer \? s queries . ['given', 'oil', u'anyth', u'provid', u'queri', u'need', 'time', u'ask', u'improv', u'chang', 'tell', 'told']
dealership do not give proper explanation to the customers . they do not tell or explain while giving the car for servicing nor while taking it back after servicing . they only say that the bill is ready so i myself ask them if there is any query . they only tell that everything is serviced instead of giving the explanation . ['give', u'readi', u'queri', 'bill', 'proper', 'say', 'dealership', u'take', 'ask', u'everyth', 'tell']
you can tell us what all work is required to be done in the car . what is beneficial for the car . like at my time i only asked every thing and then they told me instead they should tell everything on their own . for everything they must tell us what all we can do [u'benefici', 'work', 'thing', 'done', 'time', u'ask', u'everyth', 'tell', u'requir', 'told']
explain properly about the servicing and all . explain everything about the vehicle what servicing they are doing , which , where need putting , what should be doing for servicing , only in that place . explanation should be properly . [u'put', 'need', u'everyth', 'place']
everything should be improved . [u'improv', u'everyth']
they should satisfy the customer properly they should explain everything in detail . [u'satisfi', u'everyth', 'detail']
explanation given by staffs needs to improve . they don \? t do work as per given instructions . work which we said they should complete that everything . they should confirm this that customers all the work should be done which they don \? t complete . they didn \? t complete work which i told them in my last service . ['given', 'said', 'last', 'confirm', u'staff', 'work', u'instruct', 'done', u'need', u'improv', u'everyth', u'complet', 'told']
