they should have canteen in their madurai kampaloor service centers .
there are no shops available near to that areas that we can buy something to eat .
location maybe convenient for you but we do not get anything to eat while waiting for servicing .
canteen facility is not available there so food facility should be available for the drivers .
there is no food facility near by dealership location .
food services are so far from dealership location .
canteen and lunch facility for dealership location
there is no restaurant or food available nearby .
so should open one canteen .
there has no any facility like food location has 10 12 km far to the city in service center has no facility of canteen that 's why servicing center should be has 4 5 km to the city
dealership needs to open a canteen because we do n't get any foods nearby that area .
location are far it should have in jabalpur service center is far to the jabalpur and outside of jabalpur has no any arrangement of food it 's also so far which they provide tea and water in service center inside the jabalpur like almost 10 5 km inside .
if we are hungry we want to go far also there have no canteen there have not so much food .
they should be providing car to the customer there should be having food facility .
if i go for servicing i have to wait for sometimes and there is no food canteen then i have to suffer a lot for that .
dealership location is little bit far we have to go outside for lunch , so they must provide canteen .
so if we have to wait for 5 hours and we need some food or snacks , there is no arrangement for that as there is no restaurant nearby .
anaamalai dealership is located in outer area and we do not get auto , canteen , buses etc .
in om toyota workshop or in near by area canteen facility is not available .
if customer want to have some food or want to go out so there is no vehicle available .
3 \) dealership center must be providing good quality food some people are facing problems .
there is no facility for food and no hotels available nearby the location .
