after cleaning the car properly , they should use chemicals or polishing , or else the dirty areas would remain dirty forever .
polishing must be done properly .
polishing is a part of cleaning that also they do not do it .
dashboard gate must be polished .
neither they apply polish nor shampoo and deliver as it is .
in last service i have done polish on my car but white spots were as it was on car .
they should polish properly so it shine properly .
they should use shampoo to clean even for polish .
they clean and polish the car properly .
they must polish the dashboard so that car get a feeling of new .
they do not wash or polish the car , bumper , dashboard properly properly .
do not clean the mud should apply polish on the tire .
i am not satisfied , because they were not properly clean polished my car .
they must be properly clean polish car of regular customers .
cleaning polishing should be better .
car cleaning polishing should be much do better .
if it is necessary that they have to empty the diesel , then they can put that diesel in some bag or polishing and inform us .
they should be do polish on the car .
when the bring the car outside we have to say to them that polish my car after we till them then only they do the polish .
in other dealership they polished the car give it but they had not done it .
at the time of polishing they put polish on mirror also so that time of evening .
they not polish the car .
they should polish car from downside also .
they should wash polish car properly .
after washing the car it comes for polishing cleanliness all of things there have only one person .
accurately there have only one person for polishing cleanliness .
i want to work systematically done the polishing cleanliness number wise there should be have two people instead of one .
2 \) they have to do the polish for exterior black fiber .
polishing not done properly .
water servicing and polish should be properly .
car should be clean properly also polish should be done properly .
vacuum should be doing proper and polishing also .
and car polish as not done they had hand over to me .
they have polished my car but after polishing i have seen a scratch in the car .
i have kept my car there for 2 or 3 days and after 2 or 3 days i have taken it but after that i have seen that they have not polished it well .
then i have polished it and taking it out .
water stair was remained in glass and also polishing was not accurate .
they not concentrated in cleanliness and polishing also , which they done in last those things they should done first like car ok or not we had to told them .
if they done the polishing , so some place stain are remained so they should concentrate about it and also done the cleanliness properly .
when they doing polishing then not doing completed polished in between remained polishing should be proper .
they should polish the vehicle properly and should do touching work properly .
after service polishing of spare parts was pending .
customer should not get a chance they here is not washed properly like polish here and their .
they don t polish our car properly .
they just say we will wash your vehicle complete but this is happened from last 2 service with me , they said they will wash car completely but when i went to take car near 4 5 pm they say polish of car is pending .
we want them to do proper polishing of vehicle .
the polish needs to be done properly .
like polishing is not done properly or the car window and nearby side are also not cleaned properly .
