there is communication gap between the engineer and a boy who makes the job card .
there should be some relationship in between the technician and customer to avoid the lack of communication , so that the technician may contact the customer directly regarding our car servicing .
if 30 40 min are taken more in the time mentioned by them then also it is fine but sitting there from 1 5 is difficult .
they should tell the proper time that how much time will they take to complete the service .
also the amount they had mentioned was 45 , 000 for servicing but they charged the bill of 56 , 000 .
if we give servicing at delhi dealership they service my car within one hour there time was fixed but noida dealership time is not fix and here they service my car as per their convenience whereas they should mentioned time limit of servicing the car .
they must also tell us the how much time would be required .
how much time it will take should inform us .
they called us and we visited there 300 kms away and afterwards they are informing that problem was something else and we need to purchase another part .
there were mentioned servicing vehicle within 20 .
you people know how much time should take because we are the customer and we thinks that only .
they will take 2hr or 3 hour they should intimate us initially that how much time they will take .
they do not have coordination from top to bottom .
they should mention the exact time for express service so that customers do not wait a lot at the service center .
so they should fix their time and it should be informing to customers .
they should tell to the customers how much time it will take for the servicing .
and should also inform it will take 2 hours so will be back after 2 hours .
they should communicate proper time to the customers so that the customer will not get frustrated , i don \?
if car is ready have to inform me and there should n't be waiting time there .
they called and informed that car is ready but when went there they told service has n't completed .
the time that dealership mentioned like 2 3hrs .
so they should mention the exact time which it will take .
if more time they take they should inform customer about the same so customer can not waste there time in waiting .
communication problem is there .
when we are calling to take the appointment , they have to inform the exact time for visiting .
if they inform after completing service they will be better .
they should inform about how much time they will take for servicing they need to take less time .
they should informed client in advance about waiting time for servicing of car .
they have to check it inform to the owner that how much time it will be take for one work they should not come again .
so we do not required time , if its normal service than tell them to inform us , it is normal service , so we know the normal service timing we will reach as per normal service timing , because of that we mess up with our other planning 's .
they inform service time but they take 2 3 hours more than the informed timing .
must inform the exact time for the service and complete service on that time too .
they are taken more time for servicing our car , and there is a lot of communication problem , there should be co ordination with the customer .
after car track or oil change or step wash they kept car there only for 10 to 15 min instead of that they should inform customer so that both of them time will be save .
they took more time for service then they inform us .
which they take total time , they should give the feedback to a customer they take a time to according to a worked but they inform to a customer how much time it will take .
today is monday and the service center has full of appointment it means they have many cars for servicing so in that case they should informed to the customers as sir madam today is not possible to service your car within the appointment time hence it is better you should come next day .
speed service means need to provide it on time mentioned .
they mention some particular time to come up and if we reach there before that then they will not accept our car for servicing .
before visiting to the service center we were inform that screening machine is working fine .
they should give the car on the mentioned time or they should tell the correct time that by what time we can get the car .
for car servicing how much time could be take the service advisor give the estimated time the service should be complete within the given time period .
they should give the car after servicing on the mentioned time .
they mention 3 pm but almost they take it till 4 .
if they take more one hour it is fine , but they should inform us .
if they will give car to customer next day then they should give this information to customer previously only .
so they should given proper time to the customers after checking clear the car they should inform .
if they aware that in this work how many days required then they should informed the customer in advance how many days they taken to solve the problem .
