everything should be checked properly during servicing and the service should be provided as per cost that they are taking .
when i checked product price with your seller they had told me rs .
for general check up they are charging 2800rs that was very costly so that should be reduced the charges .
general checking is ok but what checking is done we do not understand at all .
they take more charges for general checking service .
technicities should check if this is working then they not should force or suggest us to replace .
they have to check the audio system mode
the car business has been grown up and the qualities of the dealers service has been decreased , if it is a new car for some time it is fine as now i am using it for 4 the years than i am started getting more problem like in km like it is 80km i have drove it as i have got an issues like i was in vendral city that time my mirror was broken as i wanted it to be replaced but they didn  t gave me pleasant experience like they told me something about the charge for 7000rupes for the changing of mirror which was very costly and when i checked in my own place in cochin there is one toyota they charged rs .
1 as i have run 80 thousand km when i come to old car the sound comes from the car and busses are gone off but when i gone for the last service no one explained about this problem any thing but now i ma suffering from this issues , as both the busses had gone no one checked it properly and said to me and changed it as i had to come for a log drive from kerala to bangalore for a long drive and i had to ride with a sound .
for general check they apply a charges .
they should not take the charges for general checking .
if they give us car after proper checking then it would be moch better
they must check the car properly .
if customer is giving for servicing then it is your responsibility to check completely .
they are taking 500 600 for just doors checking taking 600 for oiling , they increased the charge of low charges .
not only has small small problems but also only for car checking they take charges .
they should be not take charges for small works and car checking also .
1700 1800rs is more for general check up .
for general check up washing they take rs 1900 charges .
general we check up like oil any small things like nut bold for repair they take the charges they should not take it .
there are 2 major services 1 check up is there .
in general check up of the car also the charges are high .
last time when i had given for general check up in that also i got an bill of rs .
car general check service rates are high now they are taking rs 1500 which is high it should be 50 less as per my thinking .
last time i had given car for serving i thought of alignment but they did not check it .
so they should check car properly find problem in car charges for it we don  t have any problem .
if our cars had warranty or it doing routine up check up , so they should not taken more charges .
which have respresentive which instruct our car and check which are required and told us  we pay the changes for this .
they have to check the speed brakes while servicing .
they should be air check .
which package provided to the customer , they should first check it then they made service bill to customer in their package many service had included and what had the charges such type they should made the bill .
if they are checking our car for one time then they taken 10 , 000 sr .
when we are giving car to then they should check the car properly they give detail about expenses .
maruti oil checking price is 400 but in toyota it is 550 .
for journal check up they are charge very high like 700 to 1000 rs .
after checking my car by mr .
after checking i come to know issue of 2200
for 5000 km servicing they said it will be charged around 3000 but later they took 4000 i have checked the same in outside everyone said it will be charged till 3000 to 3500 but i didn  t know why they charged me so much .
for oil filter charge , diesel filter check all that .
