after servicing there was dust , so they should clean dust inside the car properly .
there was dust in my car even after cleaning .
when we touched the car we realize its dust and not dumber .
after the servicing you should remove dust which remains on vehicle .
in door area dust remains after was so they should clean it properly .
the dirt was still there inside the car when i was went there to pick up the car there is dirt found in the car then they take the car inside clean it again .
their was end number of dust in my car .
inside also i could find the dust also .
in the cleaning process they clean the engine keep the engine for drying in the open space so due to this dust mud is collected in the engine .
so even after cleaning the engine dust is collected .
sometimes dust is there in car inside they not clean the dust .
after serving should clean the dust and soil from the car .
the dust which remain from our side while cleaning same remain from your side also this is not expect from your side .
we see lot of dust inside the car which should clean .
but this time they gave me key on counter and car was stand on gate hence i came to know while driving back to my way as there was dust in my car .
we have to tell them here is uncleaned or there is dust .
i saw some like dust in last of last service , they should be clean perfectly .
it will be more convenient because car which runs in city it won t be so dusty but in village there is so much dust and watery roads so we face this problem a lot .
they didn t had vacuum cleaner , so the dust inside the car was uncleaned .
they should use shampoo or something also they should use vacuum cleaner to clean the dust
some times we found the dust after the servicing so they should clean the vehicle properly .
they are not cleaning car properly inside the car dust is their when we complete about it in clean it
inside dust is like that only .
there not cleaning dashboard there is dust on it they should clean car properly .
there was dust at the down parts of the car after servicing there was one scratch on car door .
they should clean the dust also .
last time they not clean dust .
for servicing the car there should be no dust on it .
servicing car should be clean properly , our cars which sides dust or dirt stickked , then it should be cleaning properly
we found lot of dust on car after servicing .
they kept my car in go down after servicing go down when i in there for bring my car that time in my car have dust and i thing then not the servicing also they should give the car to the customer properly
at servicing time dust and dirt not cleaning properly , we are not comfortable at their servicing .
they should be do properly with machine also dust should be clean .
there was dust in car so they should clean the car properly
but they do n't do it from inside the dust remains like that only .
they should be cleaning properly they put greece then its stickked dust .
when i give my car for servicing after the servicing i watch some dust particles under the seat .
inside the car dirt s are remaining as it is before servicing our car .
it was full of dust not clean it have full of white colour power .
there was some black color dirt on my seat cover even after cleaning or servicing time .
dust and dirt remains as it is .
dirt s and dirt remaining as it is .
that time in it had dust and like that they given car .
inside the car dirt remaining .
after servicing they should concentrate about customers complaint on car logo had lots of dust , they should clean it .
after cleaning our car dirt remained our car also stains remain on the door glass .
if we look the engine dust remains the same .
3000 for interim cleanliness but there was lot of dust and mud .
one more thing i told them to do my work for wiper , they charged me 250 rs for small in wiper , that come of the next day because see i realize that when the dust is in the glass of the vehicle of the wiper , but it was earlier they charged me 250 rs because they charged for the part of the thing .
they aren t taking proper time for car cleaning and are doing it within 5 7 minutes only due to which the dirt under the car isn t cleaned .
not cleaning from inside as dust , soil and all .
many dust is there .
very small place like back side of the car , near by seat dust is available .
there remains dust inside and outside also because my car was full of dust so i have complaint twice for this matter .
maheshtala road is very much rough and dusty that s why when we are returning back after servicing the car was covered with dust but that they don t clean again .
they do not even clean the dust settled on the car .
atlast they leave the cleanliness part simply , even they could not complete those work or else the available person will remove the dust simply over the car leave us .
thus i faced a lot of problems and also the dust got exceeded and the problem as well .
they know what material should be used for cleaning the dust .
like if there is a dust in desk board then it should be cleaned .
i had given my car for cleaning there was some dust .
my car was fully covered with dust .
dark alone came so that full dust was inside my car .
the dust should be removed .
all the time the dust remains the same .
at small place also the dust remain the same so it needs to be cleaned properly .
the dust remained the same in the car .
but the mat inside it are not cleaned properly all the dust remain the same .
the dust remains the same .
