other service center are charging less charges as compare to grace toyota at the percent of 20 to 25 .
all material charges should be reduced and they should compare to other local brands in the terms of rate cost of materials .
compare to pervious services charges current maintenances services cost is high and if we ask anything regarding the exclusive cost they don  t provide proper information to its customers .
compared to other service centers this dealer charges are high .
they should fulfill their commitments as they commit that they will take less charges in this service compare with last service but they taken the same charges .
there is vast difference between prices our your and open market .
bill charges was high if compared to other dealership .
the charges of after sale service should be more or less same as compared to the outsides shops .
i didn  t compare to other dealer even did not visit any other dealers shop but i think overall charges is high
i prefer to purchase anything from company only not from outside the market but there is lots of difference in rates .
they charge separately for removing nutbolt it is high comparatively more that market rates .
compare to other dealership this dealership charges is costly so they should provide reasonable charges for customer .
comparing to other dealers washing services cost is high , need to reduce the charges amount
this difference should not be there .
usually charges are more compare to what they said before doing servicing .
as compare to here they charge more money .
the service charge is comparatively higher than others .
if we check in market there  s a difference of 2500 rupees and from company its 100 .
service charges is high compare to other cars .
comparing to other service provider toyota motors service charges is high .
same thing is available in market in 50 less amount compared to your accessories .
compared to other dealer point which are much cheaper there they charge 9000 only .
compare to other their charges is high .
charges of toyota is high as compare to other which should be less .
in that they charge different for greasing and servicing .
why such a big difference
i got some difference in the rates .
charges should be reduced and while comparing to market charges in other dealership toyota has high charges .
they are taking more charges when compared to other service centrists they have to reduce the charges .
there is big difference .
if you only follow on price with the customer then its going to show the difference in your service .
in your service and out side service if you reduce only 40 then also it will be extraordinary amount of difference .
they are taking heavy charges as compare with other companies so you should think about it .
if we have purchased any services , then they not supposed to take additional different types of charges for that service .
once i was in bangalore that time i was compare with them so their charges are low .
if i do service outide how much cost it would be and here i am spending more as compare to their 7000 8000rs .
if we compare it with maruti then their charges are very high .
compared to other dealership the charges in this dealership are high .
the toyota charges 30 more as compare to normal work shop .
so there should not be more difference between the estimate amount and the actual amount .
difference of 1000 to 2000rs ok not more than that .
1000 for changing the mirror such type of difference are there as if they would have said truth i would have changed it immediately but i had to ride with the broken glass almost for the 6 months as i was not sure including the insurance so that kind of serious imbalances are there as i thing the quality of customer balance is been reduced as toyota business is grown up their sales have been increased all are much busy so the initial quality has gone down .
they have to maintain the same amount of charges in all the dealerships instead of taking different charges
in market whatever they apply charges of servicing so they should be compare to other market .
if compared to maruti it is 2 times more charged
toyota is charging much price for this extra seating if we buy from out side to mean low more then 50 compare to toyotas price .
as compare to other dealership chares toyota has exclusive charges .
service charges are high as compared to other service center .
service charge is high compare to other vehicle .
if we compare to outside dealer prices here are very high .
prices are very different in outside and company .
comparing with market charges the charges should less applied in the showrooms .
it is high compared to market charges .
they are taking more charges when compare to out side charges so , they have to reduce the charges .
service charges very costly , it should be less compared to other service center here very costly .
they are taking more charges if we are servicing from outside there is different of rs 2000
compare to other company service charge is more , if it is decreased then will be good .
they should charge more for normal servicing out side that service charges were low compared to rathod toyota .
for different thinks they should be not take different charges for different services .
because outside i get low price compare toyota service center .
compare to the other company they should be take normal charges .
compare to other servicing center , charges taken here more , charges should be discounted .
service charges is more compare to the other company .
they take more charges compare to the outside .
every customer who take smile pack their should be additional charges in that and their should be 50 of in all different charges
i heard that compared to other centers kolkata mahestala takes high charges .
whatever charged they are taken on that compare they are not reduced the amount .
whatever charges they are decided as compared to this it should be taken less percentage .
service centre taking more charges , if this service we do from out side then there is lot of difference .
compared to other dealership , here they are taking more charges , it should be less .
here , they are taking more charges , we will compared to other dealership the nandi dealership taking more charges .
comparing to other service center , harsha charges are very costly .
as compare to the dealership they charged more amount .
they should do improvement in charges toyota take more charge then market price till now i am using free servicing but now onwards i am thinking to be done from outside because charges are more compare to market toyota charging double they should reduce the servicing charges .
service charges should be reasonable there is a difference in between your rate out side rate .
it is more as compared to other dealership it will be good if the charges are reduced .
charges are more comparing to out sides so , they have to reduce it .
comparing to lanson dealership with harsha dealership the charges are very high both the dealership is doing the same services however harsha dealership charging more .
1000 but they are taking double charges compared to other compared toyota taking more charges .
outside service center they charged less amount as compared to toyota they charged 40 to 30 percentage extra amount work also not done .
the rate of other showroom is less compare to dsn .
any customer thinks that we have save at least 2 rs but there is difference of 700 to 800 rs .
compare to outside company they take more charges it should be little bit reduce .
compare to they take double price .
comparing to before , now the service charges are very high .
suppose we get 1000 from outside but in show room 1200 so this is the difference .
charges are very high as compare to the market rate it should be reduce .
there is lot a different between the out side accessories cost when compare to toyota .
which the amount they tell us they had charges different amount reasonable charges should be given .
as compared to others the rate is more here
if compared to other service center oil service charge is more than there .
compare to outside the charges are more in showroom for water washing and spray .
comparatively their service cost is quite costly for me
comparing to other show room , they are taking 40 more charges on accessories so , they have to reduce it .
customer compares what is the price have in market and there also .
when dealership delivered the car after periodic service they should inform me about the different charges in details
when compare hyd radha madhav dealership gunther radha madhav dealership taking more charges
the charges for cleaning the car are more as compared to market .
compared to others so , their service charges was very high .
as compare to other dealership this dealership charged very high , i was arrayed the complaint for last 2 times then to they charged high amount .
the estimation and the charges after servicing is different
some time there is amount difference from the estimated cost .
600 rupees are different in the charges .
if painting charge is 2200 rupees then here charges is 100 200 rs different .
they take 0 policy from other and we still don  t know why there is charges different in 200 500 rupees .
the estimation rate was different but actual rate was different .
the services are the same but the charges are very different .
service charge is more as compared to other service centre .
they should be change in extra charge become vat rate is high as compared to local market .
compared to others the toyota charges are very costly .
they are taking more charges for car block painting , when compare to other out side service centre 's
we done a servicing from bhatinda bikaner but they take a charge accordingly they should improve in service charge if we put something in car so for this they take extra charge they take different  different charges so they should take rs 1300 or 1400 and in bhatinda wagore take rs 800 or 900 in between have rs 400 or 500 difference un service charge .
toyota service centre charges was high compared to other company so , it should reduce it its good for us .
compare to outside , the service charges are more .
the price was quite high compared to other brands .
the battery charges are very high as compared to market battery .
there were charges are high , there charges are 50 high compare to market price .
the charges are low in market as compared to here .
compare to others so it should be reduce .
compare to nippon toyota charges in local workshops are less .
compared to other service center , here 50 charges are high .
the charges are more as compared to coca market the charges needs to be low .
their charges was high compare to market price it should little bit reduce .
like cleanliness of car are costly compare to market price so , company should reduce the charges so , customer will feel comfortable and also they will be happy .
charges which are in market and charges which they are taking there is he different in between both amount .
so they have to reduce as compared with other dealership .
comparing with other company here the rates are very high .
the charges are different from outside .
as compared to maruti toyota oil checking charges are high .
there are making different service for t .
there are taking high price for total three services if we give single payment for three different services it cost rs 2000 to rs 3000 .
they have high charges as compare with outside .
charges are high compare to service we do at dealership .
compare to other service center , these toyota service center are charging more on bill .
they have high charges as compare with outside .
the cost of servicing here is high and if we do it somewhere private the cost is 50 less comparatively .
they say different different things on both the time i .
this thing should be specified they also face different different types of problem .
they only use one man but charge differently for it after very work .
when compare to out side dealership the cost is more in harsha ananthapur so , they have to reduce it .
wheel alignment charges are high compared to other service centers .
32 lacs 800 rupees so i asked them the difference of 2200 rupees so they answered that if a person buying a huge car then he not should see at 2000 rupees .
as compare to other companies toyota charges are high .
as comparing the private company charges the toyota dealership charges are high .
while giving the car for servicing they say some different amount and after delivering the car as well say some different amount .
as comparing to other company toyota charges is in high range .
comparing to other service center toyota has high service charges .
by felling this different different charge are charged and at the time of servicing they separate the bill of it .
and compared to other dealership , more charges taken here .
compared to other dealership the rates are high here .
we haven  t compared toyota with other company .
we don  t know the difference between the charges .
air filter is very costly in service centre compare to an outside
now i did service for break pad the rate was high as compared to other dealership .
the service charges should not be increase they taken the dry cleaning charges for rs 1800 , but at other sides dry cleaning charges are take 1000 to 1200 so compared to other side here they taken 100 to 200 more charges so , most of customer servicing at other sides .
they should reduce the service charge as compared to other companies .
they are taking different different charges for each party .
it has a difference of 10 to 15000 rupees .
there is also a difference in estimate price also .
charges for the side mirror , 800 charges for painting compare to honda it is very high .
if we give the car in other center the charge are low as compared to here .
as compared to other company service charge the toyota lanson villupuram dealership service are very high .
they charge are very high as compared to past so company should reduce the changes then it will be fine .
the charges are high as compared to market toyota charges are very high so that we like to do with the market the range should be as per the market charges needs to be improved .
